 Welcome to Natura &Co’s third quarter 2022 earnings conference call. 
On this call today are Fábio Barbosa, CEO of Natura &Co, and Guilherme 
Castellan, CFO of Natura &Co. João Paulo Ferreira, CEO of Natura &Co Latin 
America, will join for the Q&A session. 
The presentation they will be referring to during this call is available on the Natura 
&Co Investor Relations website.
Please limit yourselves to one question each in the Q&A session so we can allow 
more people to ask questions. Thank you for your understanding and cooperation 
on this.
I will now hand over to Fábio Barbosa. Please, go ahead.
Good morning or good afternoon to all of you and thank you for 
joining us today. I'm very happy to be with you again. Guilherme will comment on 
the results shortly, so I will leave myself to a more qualitative commentary.
We continue to operate in third quarter in a challenging environment marked by 
high global inflation that is affecting discretionary spending, rising energy costs,
and foreign exchange impacts, as well as a geopolitical fallout resulting from the 
war in Ukraine. In this context, Natura & Company posted results that were in line 
with what we had foreshadowed in the previous quarter with top line training 
better, growing by 2.2% at constant currency, while adjusted EBITDA margin,
which was stable at the 8.6%, continued to be pressured by the external factors 
I just mentioned, notably on costs.
We saw some reasons for satisfaction in the past quarter: Natura & Company in 
Latam posted a solid performance driven by the Natura brand Avon in the CFT 
segment. Aesop recorded another strong quarter of double-digit sales growth at 
constant currency. Avon International continued to show a sequential 
improvement in results and in key channel performing indicators, such as activity 
and productivity. The Body Shop continued to post results channel with decline 
in the At Home segment and slower franchise recovery.
Clearly, we are not satisfied with this we are working on implementing measures 
to improve performance on which Gui will give you more color.
We have also made progress on the group reorganization that we announced last 
quarter, we have significantly reduced by 50% compared to 2021 costs at the 
holding company level and we started to implement steps to give each brand 
business more autonomy and responsibility, as mentioned when we started this 
process.
2
Other steps are also advancing, we’re further accelerating the integration of the 
Avon and Natura business in Latin America, the so-called Wave 2, starting in 
2023 with Peru and Colombia and then followed by Brazil. This new phase aims 
at harmonizing the distribution and sales systems and optimizing the product 
portfolio.
We have already started to optimize our geographic footprint at Avon 
International with significant changes in markets, including already India and 
Saudi Arabia. We also announced the closing at Avon Suffern R&D facility in the 
United States, which should result in considerable savings on a recurring basis 
beginning next year. Also, as announced in the material fact published on 
October 17th
, we continue to analyze strategic opportunities for Aesop. It is worth 
highlighting that we have never considered selling 100% of Aesop to third parties 
and the strategic opportunities that we are analyzing are focused on accelerating 
growth and unlocking value.
This strategic change, the potential alternative for Aesop under study and our 
expectation of a continued challenging and uncertain macro environment in some 
markets led us to withdraw the three-year guidance released to the market in 
April 2021 and further modified in November 2021 and May 2022. We are 
continuing our ongoing work to improve the fundamentals of our brands and 
business, and notably the underperforming regions which we regard as our 
principal challenge, but also our main upside driver.
Our priority remains very clear: we are strongly focused on improving margins 
and generating cash flow and the teams in the BUs are all mobilized and 
incentivized to achieve these goals. The aim is to deliver sustainable shareholder 
return and achieve our ambition of making Natura & Company the best beauty 
company for the world. We'll keep you updated on the progress.
With that let me now hand over to Gui to comment on our third quarter 
performance in greater detail. Gui.
Thank you, Fábio, and hello to everyone. I'll start with 
Natura &Co’s consolidated revenue on slide five, which grew by 2.2% in constant 
currency improved sequentially despite the challenging macro environment. In 
reais, sales were down 5.7%. We’ll look at the performance by BU shortly, but in 
a nutshell, we posted solid growth at Natura &Co Latam with a strong 
performance by the Natura brand Avon CFT, and Aesop continues to post 
double-digit growth at constant currency. Avon International improved
sequentially, but its performance was still impacted by the war in Russia. The 
Body Shop had another difficult quarter from a decrease in The Body Shop At
Home while retail recovers slowly from the pandemic.
We turn to adjusted EBITDA margins on slide 6, which was stable at 8.6% in Q3,
these reflect the different moving parts: first, the main possible impacts are an 
important improvement of holding expenses, which are down nearly 50% yearon-year, this is the result of our efforts to create a leaner and simpler organization;
also improving margin at Natura &Co Latam driven by strong top line
performance, strict cost control, we continue to deliver cost efficiencies in SG&A
3
across all BUs, which are more than compensating for commodities and FX 
pressures in gross margin. These benefits were offset by the conjunction of 
continuous sales deleverage at The Body Shop and also continuous investments 
for sustainable growth at Aesop.
On slide 7 we focus on net income and underlying net income. Net income in Q3 
was negative R$560 million, this was due mainly to lower EBITDA and higher net 
financial expenses, partially offset by some tax credits associated to Brazil's tax 
on foreign income related to 2021. Let me remind you that Q321 net income had 
also benefited from even higher taxes gains related to credit recoveries in Brazil.
Underlying net income was a negative R$198 million, and the slide shows you 
the bridge from net income. The difference between the two comes from 
transformation costs for R$163 million, R$76 million from discontinued 
operations, and the PPA effect from the acquisition of Avon for R$124 million.
On slide 8 we focus on free cash flow, which as we have communicated before 
is one of our biggest priorities. We recorded an outflow of nearly R$129 million 
as action taken to improve cash conversion are starting to take effect. This shows 
an improvement of more than R$400 million from the Q321 outflow of nearly 
R$543 million. This was driven by an improvement in working capital efforts,
which was a positive R$353 million compared to unfavorable R$268 million in 
Q321 driven mainly by sharply improved inventory efficiencies and account 
payables.
Finally, it is worth mentioning that despite these two challenging outcome and 
leverage position – which we will comment more on the next slide – the 
improvements already delivered allow us to post an almost flat free cash flow to 
firm.
On slide nine we look at our liquidity profile. We ended the quarter with a cash 
position of R$4.6 billion, our net debt to EBITDA ratio stood at 2.85 times at
quarter-end, up from 2.46 times in Q2 and 1.83 times in Q2 of last year. This 
leverage ratio reflects a lower EBITDA given FX and cost pressures jointly with 
higher integration costs.
You see on the second graph our cash position of R$4.6 billion is higher than the 
total of our debt payments through 2027. The average maturity of our debt is 6.8 
years, and we face limited debt repayments until 2028. In line with the group's 
liability management plan to improve its capital structure, Natura Cosméticos 
issued on September 19th R$500 million in commercial notes maturing in 2025 
guaranteed by Nature &Co holding. The funds were used primarily to repay the 
maturity of the 9
th issuance of debentures of Natura Cosméticos, which mature 
on 21st of September, and in October 2022 Natura Cosméticos completed the 
issuance of a little over R$1 billion in real estate receivables certificate maturing 
between 2027 and 2032.
Let's turn now to our performance by business unit beginning on slide 11 with 
Natura &Co Latam, which posted another solid performance. Total net sales were 
up by a solid 10.2% in constant currency, this was driven by double-digit growth.
at the Natura brand, which grew by 18.5% at constant currency while the Avon 
brand was also up slightly in constant currency thanks to the growth in beauty. 
The Natura brand gained momentum over the previous quarter and posted yearon-year growth of 19.3% in Brazil supported by an acceleration in consultant 
productivity, up by 21.4% in Q3. 
In Hispanic Latam net revenue was up 17.3% at constant currency and 0.3% in 
reais. Growth was mainly driven by Argentina and Colombia. Excluding 
Argentina, sales in Hispanic markets were down in low single digits at constant 
currency impacted by a weaker performance in Mexico and a decline in Chile. At 
the Avon brand in Latam net revenue grew by 0.7% at constant currency. In Brazil 
trends continue the sequential improvement we have seen every quarter since 
Q3 2021. In Q3 net revenues declined by 1.4%. It's important to highlight that the 
beauty segments actually grew by 11%, which was offset by a 26% sales 
contraction in Fashion & Home. The beauty segment in Brazil saw a double-digit
gain consultant productivity.
In Hispanic markets net revenue was up 2.3% at constant currency mainly driven 
by Ecuador and Argentina but impacted by a decrease in Mexico and Chile. The
beauty category grew 9% in constant currency, but this was mostly offset by a 
drop in Fashion & Home. Total number of available representatives improved
sequentially and was up 6% versus Q222, but it's still down 9.6% year-on-year.
On slide 12 we turn to Natura &Co Latam’s Q3 Adjusted EBITDA margin. As
shown on the graph, adjusted EBITDA increased significantly by 22.7% while 
margin at 11.3%, was up 170 bps. This result was supported by strong top line
performance by the Natura brand, strict financial discipline. However, this was 
partially offset by the impact of selling expenses increasing as percentage of net 
sales, reflecting Natura brand investments combined with a deterioration in gross 
margin. This deterioration is mainly due to value-added input price dynamics,
which are pressured by rising energy prices, wage inflation, and foreign 
exchange.
Let's now move to Avon International on slide 14. Revenue was down 8.1% at
constant currency and 19.8% in reais. This drop was a strongly impacted by the 
situation in Ukraine. Excluding that, sales were down a limited 3.1% at constant 
currency and continued to improve sequentially since Q1. Sales also reflected 
lower purchase power in Europe. Fundamentals continue to show improvement 
and the new commercial model now implemented in 20 markets – 4 more than in 
the previous quarter – result in better rep productivity digitalization.
Q3 adjusted EBITDA margin stood at 3.6%, down 30 bps versus the same period 
last year. This was due to gross margin dynamics, but partially offset by a more 
efficient SG&A as a percentage of sales given the transformation of savings. 
Adjusted EBITDA margin was also impacted by the war in Ukraine. Excluding 
that impact, adjusted EBITDA margin would have shown a significant 
improvement year-on-year.
On slide 16, we now move to The Body Shop. Q3 net revenue declined 19.5% at 
constant currency and 29.8% in reais. Footfall stores continue to show signs of recovery with store sales up 7.7% year-on-year, but it's slower than anticipated 
as inflation and cost of living has impacted the consumer confidence. The
improvement is not enough to offset the drop in the At Home channel and high 
product inventory levels held by our franchisees’ partners during the year.
However, sellout sales at the franchisee partners are improving, which are 
leading level of stocks to approach pre-pandemic levels. Our business 
distribution channels, in other words own stores, e-commerce and franchisee 
combined were up 0.6% on a same-store-sales base showing sequential 
improvement.
Q3 adjusted EBITDA margin was 6.3%, down 11.7 percentage points from Q321 
resulting from sales deleverage and gross margin pressures. It is also worth 
remembering that Q321 EBITDA margin benefited from the government aids that 
ended in 2021. In the face of these numbers, management is looking closely at 
the business and continue to act on all the fronts under our control. We have 
enacted strict cost containment, minimizing discretionary spent and right sizing
the overhead structure in some channels. Also, we are stimulating demand from 
head franchisees by taking advantage of opportunities to manage inventory 
levels and focusing on positioning for peak fourth quarter sales. A new global 
structure was installed to provide support to head franchises.
Finally, we continue the store footprint optimization and deployment of the new 
workshop store, which is showing a 15-percentage point uplift on sales compared 
to the traditional model. Furthermore, 103 franchise stores have also been 
refitted.
On slide 18 Aesop again recorded an excellent performance with another quarter 
of double-digit growth in constant currency, up 21.5%. Revenue in reais was up 
8.9%. All regions delivered double-digit growth, except for Europe. Aesop 
continues to consistently post superior sales growth on a like-for-like basis while 
continuing to rollout new stores. Aesop is also continuing to see channel 
rebalancing as consumer behavior normalizes post-Covid. China entry plans are 
on track for lunch by the end of 2022. With the opening of physical stores, as well 
as the launch of an online platform and a domestic team of operation, Q3 adjusted 
EBITDA margin was 16.8%, down 280 bps compared to Q321. This reflects plan 
investments to deliver sustainable long-term growth in such areas, as technology,
supply chain, and sustainability.
As disclosed in material fact published on October 17th
, we are studying strategic 
alternatives for Aesop, and we will maintain the market updated in respect to such 
studies.
Let me now hand back to Fábio.

Thank you, Gui. I will conclude now on slide 20 with our key 
takeaways.
First, structural steps such as accelerating the integration of Natura and Avon in 
Latin America or in motion aiming to boost our performance. Second, the group 
reorganization is progressing in order to strike the right balance between brand 
6
autonomy and accountability. We will maintain the market updated regarding our 
plans related to Aesop. Third, our immediate focus and bet of our business units 
is on defending margin and generating cash flow. The whole organization is 
mobilized and incentivized to achieve these goals. And fourth, all the actions we 
have outlined aim at improving capital and resource allocation, and thus,
delivering better, sustainable shareholder return.
Thank you very much for your attention, and Gui, João Paulo, and I are now 
happy to take your questions.
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer
session. If you have a question, please press the star key followed by the 1 key 
on your touch-tone phone now. if you wish to be removed from the queue, please 
press the star key followed by the number 2.
We'd like to ask you to limit yourselves to 1 question each in the Q&A session.
And our first question will come from Guilherme Vilela, of JP Morgan. Please, go ahead.
Hi, Fábio, João Paulo, and Guilherme, and thanks a lot for 
taking my questions. First, I'd like to have an idea of the impact in terms of margin 
that the outsourcing of Avon’s IT infrastructure team for the division. Also, what it
can allow in terms of data analytics and digitalization for Avon?
And secondly and more rapidly, I'd like to get a color on Natura brand in Brazil,
how much of the 19% growth was volumes, and how much was price or mix? 
Thanks a lot.
Guilherme, thanks for your question. I'm going to ask you,
please, to repeat your first question because we were not able to hear very well.
So, if you can please repeat your first question that'll be great.
No problem. I would just like to have an idea of the impact in 
terms of margin that the outsourcing of Avon’s IT infrastructure can bring for the 
division and also what that can allow in terms of data analytics and digitalization 
for the branch.
 Perfect, thank you, Guilherme, for the questions. I think,
as you probably saw, right, not only in this quarter but in the last few quarters,
Avon is investing a lot in its transformational programs and aiming to deliver 
significant SG&A savings across the world. So, it's both a strategy in terms of top 
line, as Fábio mentioned, not only boosting its new commercial model, but also 
revisiting the footprint for some unprofitable markets, but also a strategy focus in 
the bottom line with the transformational cost, and as we mentioned, excluding 
the Russia-Ukraine war, the margins even with the sales leverage will be 
significantly higher in Q3 of this year.
I think there are two things to highlight for Avon International in this particular 
quarter related to transformational: the first one is the closure of the Suffern 
facility. Basically, as we disclosed, which was again a facility that Avon had in the 
US for basically R&D, and that basically boost generates significant savings on 
an annual basis; and the second one is related to the outsourcing of IT, which is 
also a key program for Avon transformational program.
There are significant results that we're aiming to get from both of these initiatives 
with a quite compelling payback in terms of investments and returns, however,
we don't disclose necessarily the return for those investments.
As you can see in this quarter, though, what we can say is that most of the 
transformational savings for Avon is related to the outsourcing of the IT program.
So, most of the costs that we're going through this quarter in terms of 
transformational savings, as you can see in the table of adjusted EBITDA, is 
related to this, and as I said before, both Suffern and the outsourcing of IT, both 
of them they have a pretty compelling payback that we expect to flow into the 
bottom line of Avon starting in 2023.
Now on the digitalization program, basically, I'm going to start talking a little bit 
about the Avon International then I'm going to pass to João to mention a little bit 
about Latam, but we continue to evolve on Avon International as planned, of 
course, with some discretion in different countries with a few countries evolving 
more than the others, but as you look in our research, the penetration of the Avon 
app basically measured by the active reps who log in at least once in the last 
three campaigns reached almost 20% this quarter, which is a 7 percentage point 
increase compared to the previous one.
So, we continue very much focused on that. As I mentioned, some countries are 
evolving more than the others, but this is one of the key pillars for Avon going 
forward.
I'm going to pass to João so he can mention a little bit about Latam.
So, Guilherme, to your question on top line growth of 
Natura brand in Brazil, it came both from price and volume growth.
That's pretty much clear, thanks a lot.
The next question comes from Andrew Ruben, of Morgan Stanley. 
Please, go ahead. 
Hi, thanks very much for the question. We're just hoping to 
clarify on the guidance, understanding the withdrawal of the 2024 targets, but as 
it pertains to synergies, I’m curious with the withdrawal, how you're thinking about 
the synergy opportunity, if there's any change fundamentally about the 
opportunities between the companies and any updates on how you might be 
tracking them. Thank you.
So, just making sure that I understood the question correctly,
the question is about the withdraw of the guidance and in more particular the 
synergy guidance, right? Is that correct?
That's exactly it, thank you.
OK, perfect. Yeah, sorry, I mean, we're hearing some 
background noise here, so the sound is not perfect. So, sorry I'm repeating every 
question.
But, look, yes, as Fábio explained and I reiterate that point, with the new strategic 
program going on starting with basically the holding restructuring followed by the 
acceleration of the integration in Latam, informally known as in Wave 2, and the 
strategic options that we are analyzing for Aesop based on the material fact that 
we issued last month, and of course, given the uncertain scenario as well, we 
thought that would be a good moment for us to withdraw all the guidances that 
we have, especially because, again, we're not planning to give any mid-term 
guidance anymore, right.
So, it didn't make sense for us to keep just a synergy basically guidance when 
we are also withdrawing the EBITDA guidance and revenue guidance when you 
know that everything is combined to the same thing. 
What I can say, though, is that the surgeries were on track, so the synergies 
delivered by Wave 1 in Latam they were on track, part of those synergies of 
course they were consumed by the very high and challenging inflationary 
pressures that we faced in the last couple of years, but the plan was on track and 
we continue to work on the plan and deliver synergies.
Now we're entering into a new phase for Latam, as João can explain more, we're 
entering for the acceleration of Wave 2, which of course brings different benefits 
for us, both in the top line and bottom line, and we thought that, again, it didn't 
make sense for us to keep basing and leading the market in the previous 
guidance given everything that is going on, and as I mentioned, new opportunities 
ahead of us with the Wave 2 in Latam.
Great, very clear, and appreciate your clarifying that. thank you.
The next question comes from Gabriela Morais, of Itaú BBA. Please, 
go ahead.
Hello, guys. Good morning, thank you so much for taking my 
questions. We would like to make one question regarding Aesop. So, we have 
seen the company making successful efforts to enter in China and because of 
that we have been seeing a partial pressure in the digital profitability – as 
expected –, but we would like to get more color on how this entering process into 
China has been going on so far and also to get a better view of the division 
profitability outlook going forward. That’s basically it, guys. Thank you.
Gabriela, thanks for your question. Yeah, we're quite 
excited with another strong quarter of Aesop results and quite excited, as you 
mentioned, with our plans for China entry, which as we mentioned in the Q2 
results and now also in the Q1 results, are planned to happen before year-end.
So, we're still planning to open two stores in Shanghai by 2022 and we're quite 
excited with the progress that the team has made there with the retail, and of 
course, how the business is evolving in terms of product registration and 
everything else.
So, we are quite excited with that, China has been, again, in the plans for Aesop 
for already a couple of years and finally it's happening.
Just to put a little bit more color on how important this is for Aesop, Asia is the 
largest market for Aesop in the world, as you probably recall in a couple of calls 
before we had mentioned how important is the Japan and South Korea market 
for Aesop, both of those markets being the largest markets for Aesop in the world.
Asia continues to deliver very strong double-digit growth in Q3, so the brand 
continues with a very strong pace on a same-store-sale basis, but also with a 
new store launch. Our fragrances are we doing extremely well as well in the 
regions, specifically in South Korea. And needless to say, there is a big Avon 
impact, especially for the Guangdong province when you look at China for other 
regions in Asia, in Hong Kong and another countries.
So, quite excited with that, we are following basically urban center approach in 
the beginning, so as I said, the focus in the beginning will be in Shanghai, but the 
team is already making plans to expand that to other urban centers after that, and 
we truly believe that in a few years China will be a key market for Aesop in the 
world and continue to push ahead the APEC sales in the future.
That's very clear, Gui, thank you.
The next question comes from Irma Sgarz, of Goldman Sachs. Please, 
go ahead. 
Yes, hi. Thank you. I was curious just to hear a little bit about cost 
pressures going forward. Obviously, we're seeing some commodity price 
pressures abating, but as you commented in the release and your earlier 
remarks, there is obviously sales inventories to work through and given that you 
buy a lot of sort of finished product, is obviously like longer cycle until that works 
its way into your cost line.
So, I’m just curious, help us understand a little bit maybe how we should think 
about cost pressure into 2023. Can this turn already along the next year from a 
headwind into a tailwind in your mind?
And maybe related to that, if you could just make some comments, it feels like 
you've seen maybe somewhat Aesop aside, but in pretty much all markets you've 
seen gross margin pressure from cost inflation, so just sort of showing that you 
weren't able to pass all of that through.
So, I’m just curious to sort of see some differences in pricing power that you feel 
given the economic backdrop across the different brands if you just sort of outlay 
where you've seen more pricing power versus where it's just been a little bit more 
difficult. Thank you.
Thank you, Irma, thanks for your question. Yeah, look, I 
mean, we've been talking a lot about this pressure of commodities and FX, right
– let's not forget FX –, especially for a company like Natura that operates in 
several countries, not only you're facing constant transactional FX challenges, 
but also translational effects challenges as country mix plays a big role in this 
equation.
So, Q3. I'm going to start talking a little bit about Q3 just to set the stage here and 
making sure that we understand a little bit the path going forward, but Q3, as you 
can see, we had different dynamics for each one of our BUs. So, putting Aesop 
aside, which again didn't face any pressure in terms of gross margin, as you can 
see, Latam only had 40 bps pressure compared to previous years, and that was 
mainly because of their revenue management program because the cost 
pressure was significant. And when I say revenue management, it's very 
important to distinguish that it's not only a price increase gain, but also a mix gain, 
and we had a very good quarter for Latam in terms of mix as we were able to 
adapt the sell-in much better to the sell-out and we see mix improving across the 
board.
For Avon International, which was one of the biggest negative impacts in gross 
margin, it's very important for us to highlight that, yes, part of that was 
commodities, but the main issue there was also FX, right. We saw a big FX 
translational impact in mix impacting the overall gross margin of the company.
And needless to say, keep in mind that the war in Russia-Ukraine also impacted 
the gross margin of the company.
But, yes, you should expect gross margin to be under pressure going foward
because again, as we have always said, not only Avon International, but all the 
other BUs as well, we buy the value added material, so it's not only a matter of 
commodity prices, which you're right, they are reducing from the peak in several 
categories, but also it’s the labor inflation, the energy prices and so on, which of 
course in a few markets continue skyrocket.
Finally, The Body Shop. Just to mention The Body Shop, though we are also 
significantly impacted in terms of cost pressure, I think The Body Shop, as we 
had also mentioned in Q2, hasn't passed fully the price increases to the 
consumers given the level of inventories, but it's planning to do so over the next 
few quarters.
So, what to expect in the future, I think as we mentioned in Q2, we will continue 
to see the pressure in our margins at least in the short-term. We mentioned that 
in Q2 for the full second half not only for Q3, so you should expect that to 
continue. We still have the inventory cycle, and again, we still have some 
contracts that we have to renew basically in the first quarter of last year, which 
11
we should see again depending on the market conditions some benefits flowing 
into our P&L later in 2023.
So, I continue to repeat what we said in Q2; our expectations is for our top line to 
continue to trend better going forward, we're seeing that basically across the 
business and we're excited to have a very strong Q4, which as you know is our 
strongest quarter in terms of seasonality, but we should continue to expect to see 
margins pressure, especially gross margin and especially the SG&A that is 
impacted by labor inflation.
Great, thank you so much. Maybe just one follow-up there. When
you talk about the FX pressures impacting Avon International, is that because 
you're producing in some countries and then transferring into other countries and 
you just have a bigger mix of sort of revenue pool and country, and the production 
is concentrated in a few locations and you probably also had to move some of 
those around given the war in Russia and Ukraine?
: Irma, let me make just one quick clarification, right, if we 
can distinguish the transactional FX risk and the translational FX risk. The 
transactional FX risk is the risk that we have that impact our margins in a direct 
way, and that is to your example when we buy basically from one country to the 
other, when we buy the raw material from one particular country. Just to be clear,
that transactional risk we hedged for most of the countries, OK? Especially in the 
short-term, so that is hedged of course, it is hedged, the hedge only basically 
gives us time to react and protection in the short-term, because as you know, we 
should basically adjust the prices depending on the market, right. But that risk is 
a risk that is hedging of course depending on the impact of the currencies, that 
risk will flow into our hedges.
Now what I meant before which is very important is the mix of countries, and that 
is represented by the translational FX. So, as we have some countries in Avon 
International that operates with higher gross margins than the others, and those 
countries they may be growing less or declining more than the others, we have a 
mix impact that is reflected in the translational FX, and again, the overall mix of 
countries of Avon, and that's where again we can see some headwinds in the 
short-term as well.
So, it is both, but I just want to make the clear distinction that for the transactional 
FX we have a hedging program in place, but of course, we don't hedge the 
translational impact of FX in our results.
Yeah, perfect, that was what was trying to understand. Thank you.
The next question comes from Gustavo Sunday, of XP. Please, go 
ahead.
Hi, good morning, guys, thank you for the question. My first 
question is regarding working capital. So, inventories played an important role for 
improving working capital in the quarter, but on top of the year-end seasonality,
how are you guys seeing inventory levels so far? Are you comfortable with your 
12
current inventory levels for the year-end? And can we expect Q4’s cash 
generational as stronger as last year’s?
And my second question, if I may, is regarding Avon International’s footprint. You
mentioned in the release you left Albania and launched partnerships in some 
other countries. So, can we expect more moves similar to that in the coming 
quarters? And what would be an optimal footprint in terms of numbers of countries 
Avon International operating? Thank you.
: Thank you, Gustavo, for your question. I'm going to start 
here, and of course, Fábio an João they can add anything they feel it’s relevant.
We’re comfortable with the level of inventories. Keep in mind that when we say 
we're comfortable it doesn't mean that we're not happy because even though Q3 
there is a natural seasonality for us to build inventories, so for inventories to 
increase in the balance sheets therefore for you to have a negative impact in your 
free cash flow due to this seasonality and that impact is significantly less than last 
year, keep in mind that we are coming from a position of high inventory, as we 
have also discussed in the last two quarters.
So, it is moving in the right direction, I think that the actions that the BUs have 
taken to improve inventory management is trying to take effect as we mentioned,
and we believe that we are again in a good position for Q4 even though again in 
some countries we still see some supply chain issues that may impact our results.
But we're quite comfortable with that and we’ll continue to work on optimizing 
inventory and optimizing our accounts of working capital to improve the cash 
conversion going forward.
Now your second question was…? Can you remind me? Oh, the footprint of 
Avon. Yes, thank you. Yes, look, this is no news and Fábio had mentioned a little 
bit about that in Q2 and also in this quarter. Let me be clear, it’s not only about 
Avon, I mean, we are of course revisiting all the countries that we operate that 
are not profitable in the world, so as Avon operates in more than 40 countries 
around the world internationally, you should expect that we have some quite 
profitable countries there and other countries that are not that profitable and 
operate with losses.
So, I think that has been… the focus is basically to tackle those markets first. So,
as you mentioned, we exit a few markets, we changed the operating model in 
other markets and will continue to do so if there is a market that is not profit, we'll 
continue to look for alternatives in those markets.
So, I'm going to pass here to Fábio to see if he has anything to add, but basically,
in a nutshell, I think that's the essence of it.
Hey, Gustavo, thank you. Not much to add, I just want to say 
that we are finally, say, revisiting every country, Avon’s presence has different 
levels; it can be a through presence, it can be through distributor, it can be through 
a head franchisee, so we are also revisiting the model in which we operate in 
order to make that more profitable. So, we are going through, in India and Saudi 
13
Arabia we have already made the change, Albania you just mentioned, but of 
course, we are going through every country, especially the ones that are not 
profitable and seeing how we can readjust it. 
It's a matter of investing for a full presence, it's a matter of having distribution at 
franchisee and how to, I mean, adjust everything so that we can have profitability 
in those countries. Thank you. Thank you.
This concludes today's question and answer session. I would like to 
invite Fábio Barbosa to proceed with his closing statements. Please, go ahead. Thank you very much for being with us today. As you saw from 
the presentation, we are all operating in a very challenging environment, but we 
have clearly defined our priorities, we are mobilized to deliver them, and we are 
optimistic that we can see evidence that changes made and focus revisited are
starting to make the difference.
Thanks for your attention and have a great weekend. Thank you.
That concludes the Natura &Co audio conference for today. Thank 
you very much for your participation and have a good day.