 Welcome to the Pandora Interim Financial report for the third quarter, 
first nine months of 2022. For the first part of this call, all participants will be in listen only 
mode. And afterwards there will be a question and answer session. Speakers, please begin.
 Thank you. Good 
morning, everyone. Welcome to the conference call for Pandora's third quarter 2022 results. I 
am John Beckman from the Investor Relations Team. I'm joined here in Copenhagen by our 
CEO, Alexander Lacik, our CFO, Anders Boyer, and the IR team, Bilal Aziz, who is taking over 
from me, plus Kristoffer Malmgren and Adam Fuglsang. There will be a Q&A session at the end 
of the call. As usual, please limit your questions to two at a time and kindly get back into the 
queue if you have additional questions.
 Go to slide two, 
please. Please pay notice to the disclaimer on slide two and then turn to slide three. Alexander, 
please go ahead.
 Thank you, John, and welcome, everyone who are joining the 
call today. Q3 was another solid quarter. Compared to a clean base in 2019, our organic growth 
in the quarter was 13%. This is despite China dragging down the growth by 8 percentage points. 
The growth was driven by our main product platform Moments, which continues to deliver. The 
launch of our lab created diamonds collection in North America was well received. This is our 
first collection set in 100% recycled silver and gold. The launch is a transformative move, both 
in terms of business as well as sustainability. I will talk more about this later. All in all, the 
execution of our growth strategy, Phoenix is progressing very well. As you know, we're 
unfolding a number of strategic initiatives, including network expansion, more personalized 
marketing approach, a new store concept, and a new customer loyalty program, just to name a 

few. These are all on track. On top, our business continues to deliver profitable growth in the 
quarter, EBIT margin landed at 18.6%. As previously communicated, the Q4 2022 EBIT margin is 
expected to be stronger than last year. But Anders will talk more about this in the guidance for 
Q4 a little bit later. I should say that the trading in Q4 so far has been in line with the Q3 
performance and thereby also in line with the upper end of the implied guidance for Q4. I'm 
sure many of you will have heard that we had a fire in our European distribution center just 
over a week ago. Fortunately, no one was injured and all of the inventories unharmed. Our 
team in Hamburg is working hard to bring operations back to normal. In the meantime, we have 
inventory in the stores and we can also ship directly from Thailand. So despite the fire, we're 
well prepared for Black Friday and the peak trading season with a very exciting product lineup. 
Assuming that the distribution is back to normal in 3 to 4 weeks counting from October 30, we 
expect some but manageable financial impact in Q4 2022 and all within the financial guidance 
for the full year of '22.
 Now let's move to slide four, please. Our guidance remains 
unchanged and we are on track to deliver on the expectations. For the full year of '22, organic 
growth is still expected to be in the 4 to 6% range, while EBIT margin is expected to be 25% to 
25.5%. I think it speaks to the strength of our business model that we are so far able to navigate 
the elevated uncertainty in the markets and stay within our guidance.
 Slide five, please. I know a lot of you want to ask us about 
2023 and our expectations to a potential recession. It's a bit early to talk about '23, and we 
don't see a global recession creeping into our numbers yet. But I want to tell you how we are 
positioned to meet such a scenario should it materialize. Despite the rising macro uncertainty 
and the tense geopolitical situation, we have so far seen only limited shifts in consumer 
behavior. We are confident that our position in affordable gifting will support good financial 
performance even during a potential recession. Our starting point is strong. We have a 
favorable margin structure, strong cash generation, low financial leverage and a conservative 
capital structure. In 2020, when the pandemic hit the hardest and we had significant store 
closures, organic growth was down 11% and we still generated a 20% EBIT margin and almost 5 
billion DKK in free cash flow that year. We are obviously taking prudent cost measures to 
protect our profitability, but we believe our strong starting point enables us to invest and 

accelerate, for example, our network expansion during a potential recession and come out 
stronger.
 Slide seven, please. Before we dive into the Q3 results in more 
detail, I want to give a brief update on the four main building blocks of our growth strategy, 
Phoenix. We are executing well, which confirms the potential we have ahead of us. The first 
and most important growth pillar is driving higher brand desire. Our brand is strong. We are the 
most recognizable jewelry brand in the world. One important indicator of brand strength is the 
fact that we have kept on growing during the last couple of years despite a significantly lower 
promotional level. This clearly suggests a healthy brand desire. We have recently implemented 
a global price increase on a select number of items. I'll come back to this point later. Secondly, 
in the design pillar, the focus is on driving the core while fueling the brand with more. Pandora 
Moments is the core of Pandora and continues to deliver solid growth. It's helped by 
innovations such as the Marvel Collection, where we recently launched Spider-Man. Last year 
we relaunched Pandora ME and this year we have taken our Diamonds by Pandora to the 
world's largest diamond market, North America. But more on that a little bit later. Moving on, 
the third growth pillar is personalization. Here we're improving the omnichannel experience to 
offer consumers more personalized path to purchase journeys through the use of data. We are 
getting wiser every day on how to communicate and optimize our dialog with consumers. With 
the use of data, we can design and create consumer centric journeys supporting our top line 
growth. The fourth and final pillar is about growing our core markets. Other than a purely 
geographic lens, we also include a network and channel development in this pillar. On one 
hand, we keep improving the quality of our existing network through relocations to better 
locations, as well as the work to develop a new store concept. On the other hand, we continue 
to fill in white space as well as selective forward integration. As we will discuss later. Our 
network development is becoming more visible in the numbers driving profitable growth.
 Slide eight, please. Our sustainability priorities are integrated 
into the Phoenix strategy. Sustainability is one of the foundational elements of the strategy, 
and we see that it supports our growth ambitions and align our actions with our values. Our 
three strategic priorities are low carbon business, circular innovation and an inclusive, diverse 
and fair culture. The launch of diamonds by Pandora in North America on August 25 marked an 
important step towards our ambitions to become low carbon and circular. The lab created 

diamonds have a footprint of 5% that of a mined diamond. On top of this, it's the first collection 
made with 100% recycled silver and gold. This is a major milestone on our sustainability 
journey. I believe the launch points to the future of luxury and we're committed to drive this 
important transformation.
 Slide nine, please. We have a very clear value proposition. A 
key pillar of the brand promise is to offer affordable hand-finished jewelry. Aligned with this, 
we have created a global pricing architecture which broadly can be likened to a rhombus. The 
bottom sharp end reflects our opening price points. As I mentioned before, we have in the last 
few years successfully reduced the promotional level, thereby indirectly increasing prices. Now 
Pandora has implemented a more traditional list price increase after successful testing earlier 
this year. We have increased prices on select items in North America. Similar price increases 
were implemented globally in early Q4. We have focused on items where we've identified a 
more favorable elasticity profile. It is very important to stress that we have not changed our 
opening price points or prices on items of strategic importance. We will continue to protect the 
strong value perception of the brand. You can think of this as stretching the rhombus 
architecture with the anchor point remaining intact. On average, prices were raised by 4% 
across the portfolio. The change was rolled out in October, so it's a bit early to conclude on the 
full impact.
 Slide ten, please. We are very pleased that Moments continue 
to deliver solid growth. This is the number one priority in the Phoenix strategy, even though the 
platform already accounts for 70% of our business today. Growth in the third quarter was 
fueled by our Disney collaboration, where especially Winnie the Pooh and Friends have 
performed very well. On top of growing moments, we also want to fuel the brand with more 
product platforms. Our lab created diamond collection Diamonds by Pandora is the latest 
example. Let's have a closer look at the launch.
 On the next slide, please. We launched the Diamonds by 
Pandora in North America on August 25 as I mentioned. It's off to a good start. To remind you 
all, we have a selective distribution approach, which means approximately 270 stores across 
North America, as well as online sell this collection. We have reached approximately 3% share 
of total business. And in the stores offering the collection, it reached a 5% share of business. 

We have a fair amount of stores trading at 10% share of business or more, while the bottom 80 
stores are around about 2%. This shows the concept has strong potential. Our short term 
opportunity is to improve the salesmanship, in particular in the bottom 80 stores. The US 
market for lab created diamonds is ten times that of the UK market. So we're very excited 
about this opportunity. The launch is another important milestone on our mission to 
democratize the jewelry market, of which diamonds are a significant part. We're also stretching 
the brand here. Diamonds by Pandora sell at 15 times the average selling price for Pandora 
products in the US. As I mentioned earlier, we gained a lot of attention when it comes to the 
sustainability profile of this collection, in particular the relatively low carbon emission profile 
compared to mined diamonds. We grow the diamonds with renewable energy and they are set 
in recycled silver and gold. For one carat gold ring this brings us to carbon footprint, similar to a 
pair of jeans. And of course, the ring lasts a good bit longer than the jeans. We are ready for a 
very important fourth quarter and have added a two carat ring to the collection. We believe 
this will be popular with consumers leading up to the holidays.
 Next slide, please. Now let's have a look at our core markets. 
As you know, we are well diversified geographically. Let's begin with our US business, which 
continues to deliver strong growth versus 2019. As expected, it is down versus '21 since we are 
comping the unusual effects from last year's stimulus checks. We have said all along that we 
expect the US market to slow down this year, and that was included in our guidance. Europe is 
a bit of a mixed bag. UK and Germany deliver positive sellout growth. This is thanks to 
consistent and solid operational effectiveness. France is more or less flat year on year. There 
are two opposing drivers in this business. On one hand, we have continued to significantly 
reduce the promotional pressure, which certainly shows up in the short term sales 
performance. On the other hand, we have been stepping up our marketing efforts, which we 
see yielding in particular strong progress in terms of unaided awareness. This now must work 
its way into consideration and purchase metrics, which compared to the promo changes, have a 
somewhat longer lag time. We see this as a good investment into the brand equity and remain 
focused on unlocking the potential in this market. In Italy, we see that the macroeconomy is 
impacting consumers willingness to spend. We record very healthy traffic into our stores, but 
conversion rates and units per transaction are a bit softer. As mentioned, we have only seen 
limited shifts in consumer behavior on a global level. But Italy is the exception. Australia was up 
40% versus last year due to temporary COVID 19 closures in '21. China was weak as expected 

and severely impacted by traffic into stores being down 62% versus '21. again due to COVID 19 
restrictions.
 Next slide, please. Before I hand over to Anders, I want to 
reiterate the network opportunity for Pandora, which I also highlighted in our Q2 conference 
call. Our baseline for growth is strong with a very profitable and cash generative store network. 
In addition to this, we see an opportunity to expand the store network in areas where we don't 
have a Pandora store today. As we said at the Capital Markets Day last year, we see great 
untapped opportunities in making our brand more accessible in many of our core markets. 
We've carried out an extensive analysis of the real estate network in our top 40 markets. We 
have mapped 13,000 locations and as a starting point, we have a plan to open new stores in the 
best 600 locations of those in the years to come. Our network expansion is starting to be visible 
in numbers here in 2022.
 Next slide, please. We expect to open net 100 and 150 stores 
until 2023. As you can see on this slide, the number for '22 store openings are driving 
incremental and profitable growth. There's a short payback of roughly one year on the CAPEX
investment and new lease contracts are in most cases quite flexible and include regular break 
clauses. If a recession hits, store opening is an area where we might lean in harder. As access to 
good locations could open up, it goes without saying that the deals must be very attractive 
before we engage. We're very focused on expanding the network with quality. And on that 
note, I hand over to Anders for a closer look at the numbers.
 Thank you, Alexander. Please go to Slide 16. The key message 
for the quarter is that the financials were in line with expectations and that we are trending in 
the upper end of the guidance. I'll cover revenue and EBIT on the following slides. On this slide, 
I'll just give a comment on the few other KPIs. On the gross margin, as you can see on the slide 
here, it's above last year at 76.7% and the gross margin in the quarter includes around 140 basis 
points of temporary headwind from the forward integration that we have been doing during 
the last couple of months. Net working capital ended significantly above last year and cash 
conversion was a 0% in the quarter. This is mainly driven by higher inventories and I'll come 
back to that on a separate slide in a while. But what I want to stress here, however, is that the 
future cash generating capacity in Pandora is unchanged and that we expect to be highly cash 

generative in the fourth quarter as usual. And then also just want to highlight a number which 
we have not put on the slide here, and that's the planned payout to the shareholders that we 
will be doing here in 2022. And those payouts equals around 13% of our current market cap.
 Then please go to Slide 17. Let's look at have a look at the 
revenue performance here in the quarter. Organic growth came in at 3% and that's the black 
bar that you have in the middle of of the bridge on the slide. That's the same growth as we saw 
in the second quarter. And that means that we are keeping up pace on a sequential basis. On a 
on a three year stack versus '19, then the organic growth came in at 13% and that's down from 
the 17% that we saw in the second quarter as we had expected and all also pointed out when 
we did the second quarter announcement back in August. Going back to the year over year 
organic growth of plus three then as you can see in the bridge here, it was driven by sellout of 1 
point of growth and then network expansion, adding 3 points to the growth. And as Alexander 
mentioned, then, growing the network is a core part in our Phoenix strategy and it is really 
visible in the bridge here and in the growth in the quarter. And then as you know, we have 
ceased the business in Russia and Belarus early this year and that drags down the organic 
growth by around one point here in the third quarter.
 Then please go to the next slide 18, and this is the EBIT margin 
bridge. And the key message here is what we put in the box, the dotted box in the middle, 
showing that the adjusted comparable EBIT margin continues to be strong and is roughly 
unchanged or slightly up versus the third quarter last year. Outside of the dotted box, we have 
isolated the temporary effects for both last year and this year. And if you look at the elements 
to the right, then we've just put in one element to call out for the EBIT margin this year, and 
that's the temporary effects from the forward integration that I mentioned just before, 
dragging down the EBIT margin by 140 basis points in the quarter and excluding that effect, the 
EBIT margin in the third quarter this year would have been 20.0%.
 Then please go to Slide 19. We have added this slide because we 
wanted to make sure that the message on our inventory is crystal clear. As you can see on this 
slide, our inventory is up 2.2 billion DKK since the end of last year, and that's a deliberate and 
planned increase in our inventory. First of all, we have been building inventory ahead of peak 
trading season, and there's nothing unusual about that. Secondly, we have deliberately added a 

risk premium, so to speak, to cater for COVID 19 and potential supply chain disruptions. So the 
key message that we want to put forward is A, that the inventory composition remains very 
healthy and B, that we see a low risk of markdowns on the inventory. Another way to look at 
what's sort of happening in the on the inventory in Pandora is in terms of weeks of cover and 
inventories by the end of this year. Not by the end of the third quarter, but by the end of '22
are expected to be around 4 billion DKK, and that corresponds to a week's of cover of around 
30 weeks. And that's three weeks up from 27 by the end of 2021. And that three weeks 
increase partly reflects the risk premium that I just talked about and partly a decision to 
increase availability of individual SKUs in our product portfolio, because availability has a direct 
impact on the conversion rates and thereby on our revenue.
 Then please go to Slide 21 and a few comments to the guidance. 
The the third quarter trading was in line with our plan. And the key message here is that we 
keep our organic growth guidance unchanged. The low end of the guidance range assumes that 
the trading conditions will worsen during the remaining seven to eight weeks of '22. And 
obviously the macroeconomic outlook is indeed associated with elevated uncertainty.
 And then please go to the next slide. And the EBIT margin 
bridge. The EBIT margin guidance is also unchanged. And the fourth quarter will be the most 
profitable quarter of the year as usual, and in line with normal seasonality. As we 
communicated early on the fourth quarter, EBIT margin is expected to be relatively stronger 
than last year. And the third quarter margin was correspondingly lower, and that's due to both 
phasing on revenue but mainly on the cost side between the two quarters.
 Then please go to Slide 23 before handing back to Alexander. 
Then let's have a look at what the guidance implies for the rest of the year in Q4. The 4 to 6% 
organic growth for the full year implies an organic growth for Q4 of between -3 and +2. And 
that's what you can see in the upper part of the of the slide in the middle. And then in the lower 
bridge, you can see that this equals between 11 and 17% organic growth versus 19 here in Q4. 
And just to repeat myself, then the upper end would be, of the guidance would be an 
acceleration from 13% percent growth on a three year stack in the third quarter to 17% here in 
Q4. And the lower end scenario assumes that trading conditions will worsen during the 
remaining part of Q4 due to the macroeconomic environment. And then I'll just finish off with a 

comment on the recent fire that we had in our European distribution center. As Alexander said, 
we are still assessing the financial impact of the fire. But given that peak season is coming up, 
then the speed of reestablishing operation in the European distribution center is of course very 
important and every day counts. But assuming that the center is back to normal operation in 3 
to 4 weeks counting from October 30, then we expect some but manageable financial impact in 
Q4. In addition to the some top line impact, there will of course be a range of extra costs due to 
the fire. And then the insurance coverage obviously plays a role in the financial impact here in 
Q4 and that's both in terms of covering the extra costs as well, as well as covering lost revenue 
or the lost gross profit. But net net, we expect the impact of the fire to be manageable and 
within the financial guidance for 2022. And with that, I'll hand it back to Alexandre and Slide 25.
 Thank you, Anders. So to summarize, Q3 was another a good 
quarter for us. Execution on Phenix is progressing well with great momentum on many strategic 
initiatives. We're ready for peak trading with an exciting product line up, which amongst other 
things include Spider-Man in the exciting Marvel collection and the new two carat lab created 
Diamond Ring in the US. We are on track to deliver, as I said, the guidance for '22. We are 
confident that our position in affordable gifting will support financial performance even during 
a potential recession. But having said that, we are taking a number of precautionary steps to 
protect the profitability during times of uncertainty. And before I hand it over to the operator 
for the Q&A session, I will point out that I do not have a crystal ball. I know this morning I've 
spoken to a number of journalists. They all asked the same question, what's going to happen 
ahead of us? I don't know. We will speak to what we see and we're happy to share those 
metrics with all of you. But as much as we wish we knew, we don't know exactly what the 
future holds for us, but we're ready to go. The operator, please.
 Thank you. If you wish to ask a question, please dial zero one on your 
telephone keypad. Now to enter the queue. Once your name is announced, you can ask your 
question. If you find your question is answered before it's your turn to speak. You can dial at 
zero two to cancel. And our first question comes from the line of Chiara Battistini of JPMorgan. 
Please go ahead. Your line is open.
 Hello. Hi. Thank you very much for taking my question. 
The first question is on the inventory, please. And I appreciate the bridge that you are provided. 

But I was just wondering, on the seasonal build up from Memory, it seems to be a much bigger 
build up ahead of trading versus what I remember from previous years. So maybe could you 
please share some more color around that? And then how should we be thinking about what 
you mentioned about the 30 weeks cover in context of your expectations for next year's 
revenue, please? And the second question on price increases that you've implemented, I 
appreciate it's still quite early to comment on the reaction of the consumer, but I was 
wondering if there is any early signal that you can discuss and talk about somewhat in the last 
month of how the consumer has received these increases and also whether you're planning 
more for next year, please. Thank you.
 Thanks, Chiara, for those questions. On the inventories, it's true 
that the seasonal build is a bit bigger than last year and it links into the comment action on your 
second part of your question about the weeks of cover that we have seen that we can increase 
availability a bit more than where we have been operating in the past. So we are also ahead of 
the peak season building up a bit more inventories than we've done in recent years to make 
sure that we are pumping up the availability across our SKUs and a little bit more than what 
we've seen in across the year, but not least during the Q4 of the last couple of years. And then, 
of course, as you kind of point out, you can do try to do a bit of math. If we say 4 billion DKK of 
inventory by the end of this year and 30 weeks of cover. And it's deliberate that we are giving 
you round numbers on the inventory. But we want to explain that we have deliberately as part 
of our S&OP process and merchandizing discussion, decided to increase the weeks of cover by a 
few weeks because we see that it implies very low risk of additional inventory writedowns, but 
actually helps us to increase availability and thereby increase conversion across our network 
and thereby revenue. But the other reason for putting out the 4 billion DKK round number, is 
that we want to make it clear that we will see a very, very nice cash conversion here in the 
fourth quarter. That's not unusual, but we will, given that the cash conversion for the first three 
quarters of the year has not been good, so to speak, due to higher inventories. We wanted to 
stress that that we will see a very healthy cash conversion here in Q4.
 On the pricing. So a couple of things. So first of all, it's roughly 
one third of of the assortment that we've touched. As I mentioned, we have not touched 
opening price points. We have not touched critical aspects of the assortment where we know 
customers are more sensitive. And we ran a little bit of test different cells earlier this year to try 

to kind of eke out where elasticities would allow for some price action. And those are the 
pieces that we have moved now. It's four weeks in and you know, it's October numbers. We 
haven't hardly closed the October book, so I haven't had time to actually analyze this item by 
item to be perfectly honest with you. But I would also not expect any major. I haven't heard 
anything back. You know, markets are quite quick to give me a call if they're unhappy. So 
silence means it's good. But I would give you a rain check on this one and come back when we 
have some more robust results. And that probably also then answers your last question. And 
are we planning anything for next year? I think we would want to see that this sticks across the 
globe before we make any major additional moves on pricing. So I think that's kind of where we 
are.
 Thank you very much. And just just a small follow up 
on the price increases. This was an action that was taken globally or have you seen any region 
or any country behaving a bit differently around it or nothing to call out at this point?
 No, I mean, so the way we did it, we did it in three tranches in 
the US. So we're kind of feeling our way into this. And that happened over late of Q2 in stages. 
And then we kind of did the whole thing globally in the beginning of October. So, it's way too 
early to call out anything today.
 Great. Thank you.
 Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Lars Topholm of 
Carnegie. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
 This is a first congrats with another good quarter. Two 
questions from me. One is you mentioned that if you are going to see bigger recessionary 
impacts. You have a sort of cost action plan ready. I just wonder if you can put some words on 
what kind of costs you would be looking to reduce and which kind of investment you would be 
looking to face differently if that happens. Then the second question goes to the comment you 
made on slide 14 in your presentation of adding 600 stores and thus creating 1.5 billion in 
incremental EBIT at low risk. That would everything else equal at close to 200 bps to your EBIT 
margin. So, if we take the guidance from this year and that should bring you up to around 27%. 

I know your long term margin target is for 2023 and clearly we are talking beyond that. But I 
just wonder if you can confirm that calculation then maybe can comment on in addition to 
what you get from store expansion, should we still expect some kind of leverage if you grow on 
a same store sales basis also? And should we assume there will be less of a drag from forward 
integration long term? Basically, I'm trying to imply your margins should it's up towards the 30% 
point rather than the 27% point. Did that question make sense? It got a bit complicated, but if 
you can comment on that, please.
 We'll try and I will see where we get to. So on, maybe I'll can 
start on the cost containment. So it's just to be clear, it's not like we are sitting in our hands 
waiting for the recession before we pull these levers. We're acting on that now so that we kind 
of stay fit, if you get the analogy. So we have renegotiated all of our media contracts globally, 
which is something that's good for us. And we have over the last few years, as you know, as 
we've been trying to rebuild the Pandora engine, we've added a lot of projects throughout the 
entire value chain. But of course, what ended up happening here is in many of those instances, 
there was not resources in place or capabilities in place to actually execute on those programs. 
So we've added people and we've added money, and that's a little bit kind of the modus 
operandi that we've had for the last two years. Now, looking into the future and making some 
kind of broad based view on things might get a little bit harder coming into the future. We've 
said that we are not going to add any more new projects and therefore we're not going to add 
incremental funding to that nor incremental headcount against that. So essentially we're saying 
we have a whole slew of great things that Pandora wants to do. But right now we're pacing 
ourselves a little bit and we're moving some of these projects out in time. And therefore we 
need to manage the projects that we have on hand with the existing resources. And by that 
there's an active cost containment. Now, should the world turn up sunnier than we believe, 
then we may kind of put some of these back into the pond. I also want to stress that we're not 
now only focusing on short term in that kind of project basket. We have things that are good to 
continue building the long term health of the company as well as, of course, some of those 
short terms. So it's not we're just kind of stopping to do the important building blocks of the 
future of the company. So one example could be that we launched the loyalty program, which 
we spoke about in Q2. And then of course, there was a plan to do a very fast global rollout. So 
now we say, well, maybe we don't do the rollout next year. We stay maybe in the one or two 
countries where we've spent the focus on continue furthering that because we can do that with 

the existing team. And then as we see how the world shapes up, then we can decide to put the 
foot on the accelerator or not. I'll probably stop there and then maybe hand it over to Anders 
to try to unwind your network question.
 just building on what Alexander said on your first question. 
We've had the idea of a potential some macro weakness recession starting building earlier this 
year. We've had discussions in the leadership team and then obviously as the situation 
develops, it's become more and more concrete. So that is quite a decent range of concrete 
initiatives that we are looking at. I think in this context we have talked about before that we 
have been running a couple of zero based budgeting exercises. For those of you who have been 
at a business school somewhere in the world, you are familiar with that terminology. We have 
done that initiative some time back we have been running a global media tender just been 
completed. We think we have some opportunities in our point of sales material cost as one of 
the things that we're looking into. On the production side, there's some things that we are 
looking into on exactly how do we sort of design the products. Is there a smarter way to design 
them, so to speak, from a cost perspective without impacting consumer perception. Some of 
this you can say, well, that's normal business, but we have of dedicated and even more 
attention given what's happening happening around us. But then on to your second question, 
and I'm actually kind of happy that you ask the question, because that's why we put it into the 
presentation, because I think it's a super strong position to be in to have a network that's that 
wide as it already is, that big. The footprint that we have. And then still we can open up a 
decent range of of new stores with a very, very healthy financial profile and even being margin 
accretive to your to your point compared to the group EBIT margin. So you're right, just taking 
this lever growth lever that we're writing on slide 14, that would translate into everything else 
equal as a higher EBIT margin. Once we have opened up those 600 new stores. That is step 
number one. Well an higher EBIT margin. Then of course, there might be there will be separate 
discussions as part of the annual planning on to what do we want to invest in driving future 
growth, driving the top line going forward. But it's two separate decisions. Step one, it falls to 
the bottom line. And then step two, of course, what do we need to invest to drive stable, 
consistent top line growth in the years to come? But that's for our sort of future guidance 
discussions.
 Thank you very much for answering my questions.

 Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Antoine Belge of 
BNP Exane. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
 Yes. Hi. Good morning. It's Antoine. I have two questions. 
First of all, I'd like to come back on this EBIT margin accretion from new stores. In the past, 
previous management was not executing that well on store openings. So what has changed? I 
know that you had hired some experts on real estate and things like that. So any sort of 
granularity and what gives you the confidence that this 40% numbers can be a proxy for the 
future? And also, are there any general sort of impacts? I don't know that for some reason the 
US market could be more profitable. And my second question is on the gross margin. You 
highlighted that there was a 140 basis point headwind from forward integration, but yet the 
overall margin grew by 120 basis points. So if you could maybe quantify the main other drivers 
that were positive.
 Thanks, Antoine. For those questions. On the operations of the 
stores that we are opening and are taking over from our partners. It is true that during the last 
couple of years, as part of both program now, but also the last reorganization that we did in 
March '20, a bit more than two years back, we established a couple of new sort of centers of 
expertise centered around both managing the network and operating the stores. Two new 
functions. In general, and I think this is one of Alexander's favorite topics as well, I think we're 
actually getting really, really strong in operating the stores. We have and also see that in 
general, when we take over stores from from our partners, in many cases, most cases, we can 
actually run them across the different retail metrics, even even better with the expertise that 
has been built up over the last number of years. So there's two teams that has been built up. A 
dedicated network management team that oversees the network and constantly works with 
where we want to be located on which street, in which mall, on what floor in the mall, and on 
that floor. Where exactly is the right place for us to be and know how to negotiate with 
landlords and run that as a very, very tight machine around the large network that we have on 
both concept stores, but increasingly importantly also across other types of stores, shop-inshops, kiosks. And then we have a retail excellence team as well reporting into our CCO, 
Martino, sharing best practices across our network on exactly how do we actually execute in 
the stores, which is a sort of super, super important topic as well.

 Just just to add, I mean, I think we've also added resources 
locally of a very different caliber. So this has become a priority because it sits in the Phoenix 
strategy and the key items in Phoenix, that's where we kind of try to put our best foot forward. 
And I think this is another example where when we standardize the metrics across the globe, 
we can leverage our scale. So here in this instance, we're leveraging insights across the globe 
quickly, so we know where we get the best bang for the buck. So I think we're just much, much 
smarter operators in this space. And I wasn't here, when you talk about the history. So normally 
I stay away from making comments on that because it's not fair. But my sense is that our 
approach now is much more driven by a high quality outcome versus just quantity, which I 
suspect there was a little bit of that going on. Also, if I look at some of the locations that we 
have in our network, you know, we're in the right mall, but we're definitely not in the right 
place. That we're not making those type of deals anymore. So either we get the right location 
with the right terms or we walk. So so that's the strength of having a much more professional 
operation in control of this.
 And on your question about the gross margin. There is always 
quite some moving parts in the gross margin. But if I should just make it simple, then if you go 
back to the third quarter of last year, Thailand was quite hard hit by the pandemic and we 
spend quite a lot of money in securing operations in Thailand to avoid being being hit by too 
much by the pandemic or ultimately lockdown. So and that's 120 basis points of headwind that 
we had last year that we don't have this year, and that probably the most tangible and biggest 
piece in the equation of why gross margin is up versus last year.
 Let me just say thanks for providing that granularity, but 
maybe just on FX and commodities on the gross margin. Is it really too small to call out this 
quarter? And then there are the remaining parties is really like a accumulative number of 
different drivers.
 It's a fair question. We had to drag from a net drag from foreign 
exchange and commodities of 70 basis points in the quarter. And that's I think from memory it's 
actually about zero on FX and then all the drag is higher silver prices. So the 70 basis points is 
higher silver price. So that tracks the other way. And then the last component on why the gross 

margin is still up then is mainly a question of channel mix that we have a bit on average a bit 
more in our own channels revenue this year. And then there's the constant work that we are
doing on the efficiencies plays a bit of role. Also, there's not any sort of impact yet on from the 
ASP increases. That's still bits and pieces in Q3 that we can talk about when we get to Q4, 
whether that's a gross margin impact.
 Thank you.
 Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Martin Brenøe 
at Nordea. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
 Hi, Anders and Alexander, Thank you for taking my question 
and congratulations on yet another strong performance in a very difficult environment. I have 
two questions, if I may, and I'll jump back in the queue. As you also said, you want to operate in 
the affordable luxury segment. And I completely appreciate that it's early stage with the price 
increases. But you obviously have done a lot of research on this. And I was just curious if you 
could provide some details on sort of what's the full scope of further price increases just down 
the line, if you can share your thoughts on that. And then just looking into Q4 that really a lot of 
retail companies that unlike you, have been hit by a shift in consumer sentiment while having 
really large inventories. Do you see any risk that competition for the consumers attention will 
be extra difficult this year? And I would like to hear just how you plan to navigate in that very 
difficult environment. Thank you.
 So on the pricing, as I think I said to Chiara is it's too early to 
say what we can do going forward because one thing is to do the kind of small sell testing 
where you get indications. Another thing is to go global. Then then you'll see the full impact of 
it. So I think we simply need to kind of see how it works in the next, I don't know, a month or 
two, and then then we'll take a stance. Now, I think it's also important to note that you can take 
pricing opportunistically to drive revenue and profit, but we want to be very careful of kind of 
cooking up the value equation of Pandora because we know when we did in the past, 
consumers react and they react with their feet. And losing a customer with the lifetime value 
that we create with our business model is just not the right thing to do. So, you can be a penny 
foolish and pound smart or the other way around? Sorry, I don't get that correct, but you get 

the drift. So so I think when we meet next time, then we will have some robust data points. You 
should know me by now that we work on data. So that's kind of how we run the company. But 
the products that we moved pricing on suggested in the testing that we had done that they had 
a lot lower elasticities than, let's say the opening price was because we obviously tested that as 
well just to kind of, let's say, reconfirm our views prior and it still holds holds true. So it's 
important that we allow people to come into the brand. Then they will have the opportunity to 
choose. And that's typically what ends up happening over time. Then on the inventory, I mean, 
one thing to say is where we increase our inventory position is on our high runners, which 
means that if I don't sell it now, I'll sell it at some point. So this is not the type of inventory that 
maybe we had in the past where we over produced or over bought new items and then the 
new items flopped and then they were out of season whatever. And then you end up with 
having to kind of go to end of season sales type of activities. If you've noticed in the last three 
years, our end of season sale keeps getting smaller and smaller because we simply have less 
and less inventory that we want to get rid of at rock bottom pricing. So I think our 
merchandizing efforts in this space are really yielding a lot of good benefits for us.
 Can I just. It was actually more to your sort of. It's not so 
much your inventory levels. It's more sort of looking at sort of the retail industry in general 
having really high inventories. And I'm guessing that I'm myself is a little bit worried that, you 
could see that the other retail companies would, really just dump prices in order to get 
consumer attention and that could sort of affect your holiday sales. I don't know if you have 
any sort of thoughts on that.
 I mean, here I'm on purely speculative ground, but all I can say 
is that the efforts in terms of marketing activity as well as promotional activity in the next 6 to 7 
weeks is very competitive. So I actually don't think this is the ... unless they of course, they go 
half price or they do something completely nuts. Well, you know, that's what they will do. I will 
not follow down that path because I'm conscious about making sure we keep our brand healthy 
and desirable. So we're trying to win this on, having a competitive level of promotion. But we're 
not going super deep. We want to win this with good designs and with a good customer 
experience being present and with good innovation. That's the retort. So, no, I will not go down 
that rabbit hole. I think it's wrong.

 Okay. Thank you. Thank you very much.
 Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Piral Dadhania of 
RBC. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
 Thank you. Morning. I just have one follow up and it's on the 
marketing spend, which I think is down about 140 basis points year on year. Could you maybe 
just give a bit more color as to what the rationale behind that is? I think you mentioned in your 
earlier comments that you've renegotiated some of your contracts with your partners. So 
maybe how much of that decrease year on year and relative to sales comes from cost savings 
and how much of it comes from an actual step down in marketing spend? And then just are you 
still reiterating your full year marketing spend corridor, which I think is between 13% and 15% 
of sales? The reason I ask it is because in the third quarter you've obviously launched the 
Brilliance product in the US. So the anticipation was that would be supported by a step up in 
marketing spend, but actually it's gone the other way. So any color on that would be greatly 
appreciated. Thank you.
 As I've said in the past, the 13% to 15 is kind of a ballpark 
number. It's an annual number. It will move between the quarters. So we are not changing any 
of that. Part of the saving is being reflected in the Q4 spending. So even though I spend in 
absolute less actually my output, let's say in terms of TRPs or GRPs is whichever measure you 
want to use is still going to be at a very competitive level. Then the only other thing I would say 
is, if you compare year on year, we launched diamonds only in the US in Q3, not global. What 
we have in the base is a global launch support for Pandora ME last year which was an elevated 
spend. So we kind of comparing apples with bananas when you compare one country versus 
the globe. But I think that from a modeling standpoint and from a strategic standpoint, 13% to 
15% is we will remain at that level because I think that's the correct level by the look of it. In 
fact, we could even probably spend a bit more, if I'm to believe all the modeling that I see. But 
right now being prudent, that's the corridor in which we will play.
 Okay. Thank you.

 Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Rasmussen 
at Danske Bank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
 Yeah. Thank you very much. Firstly, I would like 
to ask into the Pandora Diamonds launch where you talked about 50% of consumers are new to 
Pandora. Could you just talk a little bit about who they are, where they're coming from? And 
are you seeing any repeat purchases maybe into other Pandora products? My second question 
is just on the CAPEX guidance. So you now expect the 5% of revenue is down from 6%. Should 
we also expect this lower going forward also with the new stores and so forth in plan? Or if you 
could just add a bit of color on that, please. Thank you.
 So I'll start on the Diamonds. I mean, we're seven weeks in. So 
I think I wish we had repeat purchase after seven, eight weeks. We typically don't have that 
even on our Moments platform. So that's probably a little bit early. If you look at the profile and
again, bear with me, the data set is is relatively short in time. We see that the profile of the 
customer if you take UK, the midpoint was a millennial and then it went up age from there. So 
we went kind of Gen X part of this is obviously the purchaser might not be the end user. So it 
could be, men were buying to women that that's always the complexity we have. What we've 
seen so far in US, is that the midpoint remains the millennial, but actually it's going younger. So 
it's going towards the Gen Z, which I think is quite interesting. It's not surprising if I look at the 
research which suggested that the younger generations, particularly Gen Zs and younger 
millennials, were more aware of lab created diamonds and also much more open to this idea, if 
I compare to older generations. So the kind of profile we're seeing in the first seven, eight 
weeks supports that, that research that is a younger cohort coming through. And that's pretty 
much all we know at this stage.
 And then, Michael, on your question on the on CAPEX, this is 
pure timing and phasing between the years so there's no sort of structural or permanent 
change in the capital level. So what we said back at the Capital Market Day and a bit more than 
a year ago still stands. So the reason from going from 6% to 5%, there's a little bit of phasing on 
our investment in manufacturing. There's little bits and pieces on the network as well the store 
network, not so much the new stores but more on the timing of refits. And then that's actually 
also when you look at it from a percent of revenue, that's a bit of FX in it as well because the 

revenue is up because of a stronger dollar. And so that actually dilutes the percentage at a little 
bit. So it's in the decimals. But no structural change on the CAPEX level.
 Right. Thank you for clarifying and certainly 
interesting on the the new Pandora clients coming in the door.
 Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Frederick Wild at 
Jefferies. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
 Well, good morning, everyone. A couple of questions from 
me all on current trading. Please. So when you say current trading in line with Q3, does that 
mean the plus 3% year on year organic growth or is it plus 13% versus 2019? That would be 
helpful. Thank you. And then in terms of details, are the trend similar across regions or have 
you seen any major differences in the bulk of Q3 or I guess the year to date and any 
incremental trading down or mix impact, maybe more volumes from people coming in, but a 
lower price point? Just a little bit of color about what you're seeing would be really, really 
helpful. Thank you.
 Thanks. I can start out with a couple of comments. One is, on 
the current trading. When we comment on it, actually a good clarification, we talk about year 
over year. When we say that it's in line with Q3. Because actually, when you look at it versus 
'19, there's a couple of other sort of dynamics at play because on a three year stack, then the 
organic growth and sellout growth last year actually developed in different directions. Let me 
just find the numbers hang on a second. But it's year over year when we're saying that we're 
trading pretty much in line with the 1% sellout growth and 3% organic that we saw Q3. But then 
look at it from a sellout and organic growth versus 2019, as I said in one of the slides, then if we 
keep trading like what we've done for the first number a couple of weeks or five weeks or so of 
Q4, then we would see an acceleration on the organic growth in Q4. So even though it's same 
speed year over year, it will mean an acceleration towards 17% organic growth versus ’19 here 
in Q4, but actually also an acceleration from a sell out perspective, given that if you go back and 
look at last year, if you go back to the numbers that we disclosed last year, then the sellout 
growth between '21 and '19 last year went from 9% in Q3 to 12% in Q4. So if we have flat sort 
of year over year here in Q4, that actually would mean an acceleration also on the sell out 

growth versus versus 2019. So there are a lot of numbers to keep track of. But most 
importantly, it's a comment on our year over year trading. But I think we're hesitant to go into 
more details about looking at it on a country by country level. It's now just five weeks in, but 
there's no shifts in the pattern compared to what we saw in Q3. The most important maybe 
being that Australia obviously now comping a lot of lockdowns in Q3. That's not the case for Q4. 
So the Q4 numbers will look different because it's a very different base in Q4 of '21.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Klaus Kehl at Nykredit. 
Please go ahead. Your line is open.
 Yes, Hello. Two questions related to Diamonds by Pandora. 
First of all, could you talk a little bit about whether the launch in the US has been supported by 
a lot of marketing in the quarter? And secondly, what kind of margins are you seeing for this 
product? That would be my two questions.
 So it is an interesting framing, a lot of marketing. If you ask 
the US team, they think they want more money versus what I'm willing to give them. I think 
they've had a sufficient amount to generate the awareness required. It is less than what we had 
in the UK because of course trading conditions are a little bit different this year than last year, 
but it's been I think it's been a decent amount of money supporting the launch. The other thing 
which we learned last year also that roughly half of the awareness build is generated by the 
impressions when people are either passing our stores or when they are inside our stores. So if 
you look at the quality of execution this year, we spent more money on stronger in-store. First 
of all, the windows are better. And also the way it's been merchandised in the store in those US 
stores have been, I think, of a much higher quality. So half of that journey I think we've done 
just by being better in the store. But it's a sufficient amount of spend that we put against it.
 And then on the on the margin in the diamonds business, the 
gross margin, if we start out there, is below our classical business, if you can call it that, and 
more into the low to mid 50s of gross margin. So let's call that 20 points below the classical 
business, at least this is where we're starting out. And then once we have the diamond business 

scaled up, so to speak, and a bit more than eight weeks in after after launch then our target is 
to run it at an EBIT margin at group level and above. So at least as an EBIT margin neutral on a 
group level and hopefully a little bit accretive on a group level. So it's a different margin profile 
than if you look at the Moment business, a timeless and Pandora ME. But from a percentage 
point of view, obviously the per unit, the absolute amount are bigger much bigger than sort of 
average product sold in our classical business. So that means that Q3 and Q4 as we ramp up 
and start it is margin diluting also on the on the bottom line. But that's deliberate and as 
planned and a price, so to speak, we are willing to pay to venture into a very, very attractive 
and interesting space for us where we do see that we have growth opportunities in the years to 
come.
 Great. Thank you very much.
 Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Louise 
Singlehurst at Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
 Hi. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for 
taking my questions. Firstly, just on I suppose it's more qualitative, but is there anything across 
your retail partners that you're seeing, anything you know, obviously all very concerned about a 
slowdown. The business is behaving much, much more strongly and very robust, as you 
mentioned, going into year end. But it's great to see. But is there anything that you can sense or 
you've been having discussions with wholesalers? It was a little bit more cautionary and I 
suppose it's really relative versus three months ago versus the beginning of the year. And then 
secondly, a couple of follow ups on the inventory. I wonder, Anders, if you can just give us a 
little bit of a color on the split between the seasonal and the carryover. You know, what's new 
and what's the evergreen in there? Obviously, there's a big difference in the performance 
between Moments and ME within that category as well. And then the second follow up on 
inventory, is it possible to help us think about any impact from forward integration in Q4 just 
for the gross margin purposes and modeling there? Thank you.
 So on your first question on partners, I mean, if I look at 
where we have the larger partner networks, that would be US and Australia. I had the 
opportunity to go down and meet them and I met the kind of franchise counsel that we have in 

place there. And you know, they're having a pretty good comeback. Of course, the prior year 
was was hard due to all the COVID closures, but this year they're having a positive run at it and 
they're actually performing quite well. So I think it's more positive signals than anything else. 
And in the US, of course, last year they had a record breaking year. So they had a very, very 
good year, as did we of course. In the US this year a little bit slower. But again, this was 
anticipated and I think everybody's managing their cost structures. So we're not getting any 
any, let's say, hard or harsh conversations with them. I mean, this was all expected. So nothing 
really on that front. And those are the two main kind of franchise networks worth talking about.
 Yeah, the questions on inventory and forward integration, 
starting with the last one. We had the 140 basis points of drag in Q3. It would be a bit lower in 
Q4. And I was actually just trying to look it up so I could give you a precise answer, but I can't 
find it, so it will be on the top of my head. But it will be a little bit lower in Q4 than the 140 basis 
point. So in the third quarter. And then on the composition of the inventories, by far the 
majority of the inventory is on high runners. So some products, if we don't sell it in Q4 we're 
going to sell it in Q1 or Q2 next year. So that's also why I would go out and stress that we see 
that the risk of markdowns is quite limited, given that we're not a fashion fashion jewelry 
company. I don't know whether that helps, but the majority is on the sort of the top 500 SKUs 
in the company is by far the majority of our inventory.
 Yeah, I mean, just the way we buy this internally is actually 
two different streams because we do the assessment on the new items based on research and 
then we buy according to that. And then the evergreens, that's more an arithmetic calculation 
looking at the churns and there's much more math going into that. So I think our position on 
that is is very, very high. But I don't think that we've ended up with a lot of stuff in our end of 
season sale in the last, let's say, three or four times that we've done it with with newness that 
that flopped, that that's kind of become quite rare.
 But really helpful. Thank you. Can I just ask if 
there's much of an impact from tourism in Europe? My final question, given currency. Thank 
you.

 So I think that now I don't have the numbers top of my head, 
but the French business is not so dependent on tourism. If I compare to Spain, for instance. So 
Spain, they had a good comeback this year. I think they initially they thought that we would get 
like 70% of the tourism back. I think it's closer to 90 or thereabouts. So it's almost back to '19 in 
Spain and in France wasn't huge. And Italy also isn't a huge part of the business. I think it's 
actually the Spanish business that's mostly affected, but that seemed to be coming back. On 
that note, though, I mean, it's interesting, if you look at Australia, for instance. There versus '19, 
they're down 80% on tourism actually. So in Australia, there's a much, much bigger impact on 
tourism not yet being back to the good old levels, but I think Europe is in decent shape.
 Very helpful. Thank you.
 Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Lars Topholm of 
Carnegie. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
 Yes. Just two very quick follow up question. One on the lab 
made diamonds. Should we assume it's launched in new markets in 2023? And a second 
question, Anders, I just did reverse engineering. You said 4 billion of inventories year end and it
is 30 weeks of sales. Assuming an unchanged gross margin. That would imply 30 billion in 
revenue next year. So you derive at the same number or where do I get it wrong? Thanks.
 That's part of our, I suppose, our guidance conversation when 
we get to February. So it is a little bit early to. To cover that point, even though I know it's an 
interesting question.
 Of course that's fair enough.
 Letting the arithmetic to Anders.
 On the full 4 billion that it's deliberate that we don't put a 
decimal on the number that we have provided out there so you can. So it doesn't have to be 
4.0. But when we obviously when we sit now November 8 and look at production for the rest of 
the year, we constantly look into next year and flex production up and down. And we can do 

that with fairly short notice. So always sort of steering towards ending out the year with sort of 
give and take 30 weeks of 30 weeks of cover. I think the other other things you'd have to take 
into consideration when you look at it is that the weeks of cover is on the finished goods only, 
which is a decent part of the inventory, but it's not all of the inventory. It's you also have the 
raw materials, the point of sales material that sits in those numbers. So of course that also plays 
into how we would translate the 4 billion into exactly what would that means. Reverse 
engineering to a revenue growth number. So all translating into I'm not going to say something 
about revenue for next year yet, but we just wanted to send the signal that inventories will be 
much lower. Obviously that's not big magic, but it will be much lower by the end of this year. 
And then we are manning toward a slightly higher weeks of coverage on the finished products, 
which is a part of the inventories.
 It makes sense. Thank you very much.
 Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Martin Brenøe at 
Nordea. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
 Hi. Thank you. And yeah, I'll try to do it quick as well. And 
just first of all, can you share any sort of data on how the launch trajectory looked like for the 
Diamonds by Pandora was it more of a big bang in the first week or was it slowly accelerating 
through the quarter, or how did that look like? And also just in terms of the Q4 guidance, the 
implicit Q4 guidance, how should we think about the price volume mix? Because as I 
understand it, the price hikes were not previously baked into the guidance. So does that 
implicitly mean that you actually expect a 4% lower volumes in Q4 versus previous 
expectations? Or just some color on that would be great. Thank you.
 So on the launch trajectory, what we've seen is I mean, of 
course there was a bit of a hike, the one or two weeks when you launch. And then what we see 
is a slow sequential buildup week by week as we improve our execution. As I mentioned, the 
bottom 80 stores, if I can move them from being 2% share business to the average of five, well, 
that average will obviously move if I move these up. But we see kind of a slow, slow build 
happening week in, week out. There was one exception when we ran a promotion, we did not 
run a price promotion on the diamonds. So then that you had a little bit of a slower trajectory 

that one or two bit. But then it came straight back when we were back to kind of normal 
operation. So I think that's a positive sign of the business.
 And then on your question about ASP increases and Q4, I think 
you're right, Martin. When we go back to the original guidance earlier this year. We had not 
included a general ASP increase in the guidance. Having said that, there's a caveat to that, and 
that is that we had assumed that we would do price increases or price changes on the new 
product introductions that we're doing during the year, not on the existing products but on the 
new products. And then we had assumed that we would be doing price changes in more 
volatile economies like Turkey, Argentina, other countries with kind of hyperinflation like 
environment. But not the more broader price increase was just not reflected in there. We'll see
how it plays out. But as Alexander said, obviously we have been looking quite a lot into making 
the price adjustments on products where we see we would see a decent price elasticity. But if 
you try to do the math, then on a just on the top of my head here, if if we assume the price 
elasticity would be 1, then obviously revenue impact would be zero-ish, but then it would 
translate into a just around, let's call it 100 basis points of EBIT margin. Once it has full effect, it 
won't have full effect in Q4 yet. But on a run rate basis that a price elasticity of 1 will give us 
around 100 basis points of EBIT margin accretion from the 4% ASP increase. We will talk more 
about it in early February when we come up with the Q4 numbers, obviously.
 Okay. Okay. Thank you so much. And congratulations again. 
Thank you.
 Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Fredrik Ivarsson at 
ABG. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
 Thanks so much. Morning, Alexander and Anders. I just have 
one question and sort to come back on the current trading. But since you've been giving us your 
assumptions on the US market before, it would be helpful to understand where you're heading 
there. So when you say you're heading towards the upper end of the guidance, does that also 
mean flat in the US, which I suppose is your best case scenario?

 I think we would be hesitant to go into by market Q4 comments. 
But what we did put in writing in the company announcement is that when we started out the 
year we put in a table to help you guide us through to how to think about the US and the rest of 
the world. Pandemic laid and also the war. And of course, and we gave a range for the US. We 
gave a range for the rest of the world. And obviously then as you go through the year and if you 
just try to take those ranges and then apply it, does that implicitly mean for Q4, you obviously 
get to some pretty crazy, wide ranges. And that's what just where we called out that the lower 
end or the bad end of the of the range for US doesn't look very meaningful because that would 
require a significant deceleration in here in Q4. I think it's down to -20% organic growth, what 
we would need to get to and that's not in the cards. Definitely not in the cards.
 Thanks. That's helpful.
 Thank you. And we have one further question in the queue. That's from 
the line of to the class of us. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
 Thanks for taking my questions. First, how 
was your view and your visibility on the inventory levels at your distribution and channel 
partners? And is there any difference in the composition there? Because you talked about like 
you are mainly focusing on high runner products. Do we have any liability there? And second, 
do you see any benefit of downsizing from higher income customers which are new to 
Pandora? I mean, apart from like obviously the Diamonds of Pandora collection, but also for 
your core products? Thank you.
 I don't fully understand the first question, so I'll answer the 
other one and then we can think about whether we got the right question. We do not see or. 
Let me put it like this. We do not record down trading because we don't ask customers if they, 
you know, instead of buying Cartier, they came to us. That would be quite an offensive moment 
in the selling process. Where we kind of look at is the number of new customers coming into 
the business, which we can see when our business grows. It's partly a reflection of having 
enough inflow. We have a higher inflow of new customers than we have an outflow, which kind 
of you always have this in and out. But where they come from. We don't really, you know, we 
don't have a continuous track on that. Then we would have to do a dipstick measure, which, 

you know, maybe we should do a couple of months into to next year. We have never done that 
before. But I would say that it's highly speculative. I would love for them to do so. But I don't I 
simply don't know.
 And if I got your other question right, then I can try to give an 
answer and then see if I actually answered the question. But the inventory, we do have some 
visibility into the inventories among our partners. It's not as for online to the same extent in the 
same way in our own stores. But obviously we do have some visibility. And I think the short
message is that the inventory, since we did the clean up in '19 as part of program now 
inventory has been healthy and good among our franchise partners. I think in general they're 
running with a little bit lower weeks of cover than than we are, and they have been doing that. 
And this is not a new thing, but a little bit lower coverage, but thereby also a bit lower 
availability, a little bit more out of stock than what we are running with. But in the bigger 
picture, healthy inventories and sort of quite similar to what we have in our own concept stores 
and the shopping shops.
 It's perfect. That answer my question. Thank you.
 Thank you. And as there are currently no further questions in the queue 
I'll hand back to our speakers for the closing comments.
 Okay. Well, first of all, thank you everybody for joining the 
call. As we said, you know, we're quite pleased with Q3 now entering the last part of the race 
for the year. So, you know, well stocked up. Plenty of good initiatives out there. So let's see 
how it lands finally. And I also like to thank John. This is his last appearance with us. He's spent 
his last two years in a quite difficult space with COVID and our inflation and war and what have 
you. So we've kind of camped out here and did some I think some good work on the brand. So I 
wish you the best in the future. Thank you very much. And on that note, I close the call for 
today. Thank you
