{MASK} , SVP of Finance and Investor Relations
Hello everyone and welcome to the pre‐recorded discussion of Flowers Foods’ third‐quarter 2022 results. This
is J.T. Rieck, SVP of finance and investor relations. We released earnings on November 10, 2022. Along with a
transcript of these recorded remarks, you can find the earnings release and related slide presentation in the
investor section of flowersfoods.com. We will host a live Q&A session on Friday, November 11 at 8:30 a.m.
Eastern. Further details are posted in the investor section of our website.  
Before we get started, keep in mind that the information presented here may include forward‐looking
statements about the company's performance. Although we believe these statements to be reasonable, they
are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. In addition to what
you hear in these remarks, important factors relating to Flowers Foods’ business are fully detailed in our SEC
filings.  
Providing remarks today are Ryals McMullian, president and CEO, and Steve Kinsey, our CFO. Ryals, I’ll turn it
over to you
{MASK} , President and CEO
We continued to execute well in the third quarter of 2022, driving quarterly sales to record levels. I am
particularly proud of our performance given the unique challenges presented by the current environment.
Recessionary economic forces and inflation remain significant factors, and I’ll discuss those topics in more
detail a little bit later in the call.
Rest assured that those near‐term issues will not distract us from our focus on the tremendous longer‐term
opportunities in front of us. Despite widespread inflationary pressures, the strong performance of our leading
brands continues to underscore consumers’ preference for differentiated products.
As measured by IRI, Nature’s Own grew sales dollars more than any other brand in the fresh packaged bread
category and added 10 basis points of unit share in tracked channels, the most out of all major brands. Our
premium brands, Dave’s Killer Bread and Canyon Bakehouse, both maintained unit share in the fresh packaged
bread category as measured in tracked channels, even with double digit price increases meant to offset
inflation. Such a performance, in an environment where the private label bread category gained share in
tracked channels, highlights the strength of our product portfolio and the resilience of demand.Supply chain pressures, which affected results in the first half of the year, were less impactful in the third quarter.
Our procurement team is doing extraordinary work amid heightened volatility, securing additional sources of
supply and mitigating cost increases when possible.
Now I’ll address our four strategic priorities, which we expect to drive our results in 2022 and beyond: developing
our team, focusing on our brands, prioritizing margins, and pursuing smart M&A.  
First, as always, I’d like to thank our Flowers team for their hard work and dedication, which has made our strong
performance possible. Many of our team members were impacted by the destruction of Hurricane Ian, though I
am relieved to report that all made it through safely. As they have done countless times in similar situations, our
team stepped up to support those affected by the hurricane, offering supplies and increasing production at sister
bakeries to meet consumers’ heightened demand. I am proud of our response, which demonstrates the passion of
our team and their commitment to serving our customers.
Our second strategic priority is focusing on our brands. Our Accelerate Growth and Learn and Prove portfolio roles
are driving continued growth. Tracked channel dollar sales of our leading brands in the quarter were strong, with
Nature’s Own up 13.2%, Dave’s Killer Bread up 11.1%, and Canyon Bakehouse up 18.5%. Our pipeline of new and
innovative products is performing even better than expected. Recent launches are delivering promising results,
and include DKB Epic Everything breakfast bread, Nature’s Own Hawaiian loaf, Canyon Bakehouse Brioche rolls,
and Nature’s Own Perfectly Crafted Sourdough.
Looking ahead, it’s critical that we develop new sources of revenue outside of our core business. We are making
substantial investments in our agile innovation group, which is leveraging the power of our number one brands to
extend our reach beyond the traditional bread aisle. This team, led by our Chief Marketing Officer, Debo
Mukherjee, is dedicated to commercializing innovative products using an asset‐light model that enables quicker
responsiveness to consumer insights without significant up‐front capital expenditures.
DKB snack bars are the first products developed with this new capability and their success in test markets has
encouraged us to expand distribution nationally beginning in January 2023. We are also testing a line of high‐
protein DKB snack bars in select markets and have a robust pipeline of additional new products planned. We could
not be more excited about this new innovation capability and the prospect it holds for driving future growth. If
you’d like to sample these new products before they become widely available in stores, we’ve launched a direct‐
to‐consumer website at creationsbyflowersfoods.com. This new channel allows us to test products directly with
consumers and gather feedback ahead of formal product launches.  
Another exciting development for one of our brands is a new three‐year partnership with Wonder bread and the
Macy’s Thanksgiving Day parade. This is the first time Wonder is participating in the parade, and we are
capitalizing on that event with a series of promotions on social media and in‐store displays. The programs have
already generated an enthusiastic response from media and consumers, and we expect the partnership to further
strengthen Wonder’s national brand recognition.
Our third strategic priority is margins, which remain a particular focus given the inflationary environment. The
price increases we began implementing in June have served to mitigate much of the impact of higher input costs.
Although higher costs are dilutive to margin percentages, I would note that our adjusted EBITDA increased on a
dollar basis in the quarter, helped by those price increases.
Price increases were particularly impactful in non‐branded products, where we are focused on improving
profitability. As we’ve highlighted previously, enhancing the contributions of our Balance Growth and Maximize
Profitability portfolio roles is a key part of our margin enhancement strategy.
4
FLOWERS FOODS – THIRD QUARTER 2022 EARNINGS (PREPARED REMARKS) NOVEMBER 10, 2022
But pricing is only one part of our plan to drive margin expansion. Other measures include our portfolio
strategy, which aims to shift our mix to a greater portion of higher‐margin, branded retail products, along with
cost savings and operational efficiency programs. We continue to expect significant benefits from operational
efficiencies and procurement in 2022, though we are revising our cost savings target from $25 to $35 million
to $20 to $30 million.  
You may recall that a portion of these savings were planned to come from our digital efforts. We believe the
investments we are making in digital will lead to meaningful efficiency improvements and be a key driver of
improved margins. However, as our ERP implementation progressed, it became clear that we needed to
dedicate additional internal resources to ensure its success. At the same time, adoption of these new digital
technologies at some of our bakeries was a bit slower than expected and continued operational inefficiencies
somewhat hampered our efforts. So, while we remain excited about the long‐term potential of digital, some
of the cost savings benefits we expected in the second half of 2022 will be pushed into 2023 as we focus our
resources on ERP implementation and improved operational performance. Meanwhile, our ERP program
remains on track, and we are confident in our ability to implement it as planned.
Our fourth priority is smart M&A. We continue to monitor the deal market, actively seeking potential
acquisitions that add capabilities, brands, or products to our robust existing lineup. We believe our strong
balance sheet positions us well to act when we have financial, commercial, and operational conviction. As part
of that process, in the third quarter, we incurred $11.6 million in costs from the pursuit of a potential
acquisition that failed to materialize. Although we are disappointed in the result, we remain committed to our
disciplined approach as we consider additional acquisition targets.  
Now, I’ll turn it over to Steve to review the details of the quarter, and then I'll come back a little bit later to
discuss our outlook for the current business environment. Steve?
{MASK} 
Thank you, Ryals – and hello everyone. I’d like to echo your comments on our incredible team and express my
sincere thanks for their outstanding efforts. As Ryals mentioned, we are very pleased with our third quarter
performance.  
Total sales increased 12.7% from the prior‐year period. Improved price/mix drove the adjusted year‐over‐year
increase, up 17.8%, primarily due to price increases to mitigate inflationary pressures. Volume decreased
5.1%, mostly due to targeted sales rationalizations in cake and foodservice.  
Gross margin as a percentage of sales, excluding depreciation and amortization, decreased 310 basis points to
46.8%. Comparisons were impacted by higher ingredient and packaging costs, partly offset by higher sales that
leveraged labor expenses, and lower production volumes and outside purchases of product.  
Selling distribution and administrative expenses decreased 290 basis points as a percentage of sales to 38.6%
in the third quarter. Results benefited from price increases that leveraged workforce‐related expenses, lower
employee fringe costs and distributor distribution fees as a percent of sales, and decreased legal settlement
and consulting costs, partly offset by acquisition‐related costs. Excluding matters affecting comparability,
adjusted SD&A expenses decreased 200 basis points to 36.4%.
GAAP diluted EPS for the quarter was 19 cents per share compared to 18 cents in the prior‐year period.  
Excluding the items affecting comparability detailed in the release, adjusted diluted EPS in the quarter was 30
cents per share, consistent with the prior‐year period.
Turning now to our balance sheet, liquidity, and cash flow.
Year‐to‐date, through the third quarter of fiscal 2022, cash flow from operating activities decreased by $23.7
million to $291.5 million. Capital expenditures increased $41.6 million to $128.4 million, largely due to the ongoing
ERP upgrade, digital investments, and production capacity additions. Dividends paid increased $8.5 million to
$140.1 million.  
In the second quarter, our board of directors increased the company’s share repurchase authorization by 20
million shares. Year‐to‐date, we repurchased $34.6 million of common stock, including $18.1 million in the third
quarter, leaving 24.4 million shares remaining for repurchase under the company’s current share repurchase plan.  
Our financial position remains strong. At the end of the third quarter of fiscal 2022, net debt to trailing twelve
month adjusted EBITDA stood at approximately 1.5‐times. At quarter end, we held approximately $173 million in
cash and cash equivalents and had approximately $692 million of remaining availability on our credit facilities.  
Now, turning to our outlook for 2022.
Our updated sales guidance calls for an increase to the bottom end of the range. We now expect sales to be
approximately $4.807 billion to $4.850 billion, representing an increase of 11% to 12% compared to prior guidance
of 10% to 12%. Adjusted EPS is expected to be in the range of $1.25 to $1.30, implying a 9.9% compound annual
growth rate off the 2019 base. The midpoint of this guidance exceeds our long‐term financial targets of 1% to 2%
sales growth and 7% to 9% EPS growth off the 2019 base.
At the end of the third quarter, virtually all our key commodities were covered for the remainder of 2022. To
minimize volatility and provide adequate forewarning to allow for price adjustments, we have maintained our
historical hedging strategy in which we attempt to increase the certainty of our key commodity costs 6 to 12
months out.  
Thank you. And now I’ll turn it back to Ryals.
{MASK}
Thank you, Steve.
You’ve just heard details on our strong financial results in the quarter. Now I’d like to address some of the key
factors impacting the current environment, including inflationary pressures and the state of the U.S. consumer.
Inflation remains high, with the consumer price index showing food and energy prices up 11% and 20%
respectively over the last twelve months ended September. Those price increases are pressuring consumers and
encouraging some to trade down to lower‐priced products and shift more of their food purchases to value‐
oriented merchants such as mass, dollar, and club stores.
As a result, in tracked channels measuring fresh packaged bread, overall private label sales gained 100 basis points
of unit share in the third quarter. But as we noted on our last earnings call, that private label strength has been
driven by concentrated activity in the mass merchandise channel where some private label retail prices have not
adjusted to reflect inflationary pressures. In areas of retail where private label pricing generally reflects the higher




