Good morning and welcome to the verizon third quarter 2022 earnings conference call. At this time all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode and the floor will be opened for questions following the presentation. To ask a question phone. If at any point your question has been answered. You may remove yourself by pressing star too. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to your host mr brady connor. Senior vice president investor relations. Thanks brad good morning and welcome to our third quarter earnings conference call this is brady connor and i'm here with our chairman and chief executive officer hans vestberg. And matt ellis are chief financial officer. As a reminder our earnings release. Financial and operating information and the presentation slides are available on our investor relations website. A replay and transcript of this call will also be made available on our website. Before we get started i'd like to draw your attention to our safe harbor statement on slide 2. Information in this presentation contains statements about expected future events. In financial results that are for looking and subject to risks in uncertainties. Discussions of factors that may affect future results is contained in verizon's filings with the sec which are available on our website. This presentation contains certain non-gaap financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-gap measures to the most directly comparable gap measures. Are included in the financial materials posted on our website. Now let's take a look at consolidated earnings for the third quarter. In the third quarter we reported earnings of $1.17 per share on a gap basis. Reported third quarter earnings include a pre-tax loss from special items of approximately $881 million. This includes a net pretax charge of approximately 645 million. Primarily related to a mark to market adjustment. For a pension liabilities. And the impacts of amortization of intangible assets. Related to tracfone and other acquisitions. Of 236 million. Excluding the effects of these special items. Adjusted earnings per share with $1.32 in the third quarter. With that i'll turn the call over to honda. To take us through a recap of the third quarter. Thank you brady and good morning everyone and thank you for joining us last quarter we told you we would take action. I'm here to share the results those actions have delivered. We ended the third quarter with wireless service revenue growth up 10% of the year and 2% sequentially and adjust the debate that grew sequentially by almost 3% to 12.2 billion. We had told the phone gross as of nearly 2.6 million. And about 5% year over year increase. These includes an increase in consumer of 1.3% a significant improvement from minus 11% in the second quarter. These results are early indicators that the actions were taking across our businesses to build momentum or gaining traction. Of course we're not done yet i continue to work with my team to take actions to grow revenue and to take cost out of our business to unlock the full potential of verizon. I'm glad to see sequential improvements based on our efforts but there's more to do. Based on a momentum and plans or financial guidance for 202 remains unchanged. Try to call you'll hear the actions we took and the impact they had on our business to position verizon for growth. Our pricing actions in the second quarter in both are consumer and business groups. Help increase or wireless service revenue. Postpaid phone methods came in 8,000 for the quarter. With a loss from consumer offset by. Inverizon business. Matt will share more details with you later in the call. Let me turn to someone what group results. Inconsumer we have started the gain traction with customers were acting positively to our new offerings and as a result. Increase store traffic. Are welcome plan improve customer's pricing perception and contribute to the consumer phone grows at being up here over year. Of the iphone 14 we deliver the first of its kind apple one unlimited bund. Verizon customer access to apple services all under one subscription. Apple remains a unique and trusted part of verizon because they recognize our network quality and high value customers. In the value segment. We lost total by verizon redefining no contract wireless service. A key step in a continued integration of trac. I use this week we introduce a prepaid wireless home internet service on our straight talk brand. We continue to expand our offerings in the value segment and customers are taking notice. Please help to generate positive prepaid netters for the quarter or first posted a quarter since second quarter 2021. For postpaid we're focus on that tracking and retaining high quality consumers in a discipline and measured approach as we see areas of opportunity we will address them in a surgical manner just like we're done with some more recent actions. There is more progress to make or premium strategy is working we ended the third quarter with 53% of our customers having a 5d phone and 81% are base is on unlimited plans. With a 42% update on premium unlimited there's a great opportunity for step. And we see that the moment with approximately 60% of our new customers choosing premium unlimited right from the start. It is clear we have a high quality customer base so we will continue to focus on retention and winning these customers. Moving to verizon business we see a continued very good momentum in both fixed wireless access and mobility and i'm encouraged also by the large five infrastructure deals were made in a quarter. These include digital transformation projects with the sellers pharmaceuticals. Fujifilm on a continued work with the department of defense. And this is your sister we recently announced an important agreement with the us department of state to modernize its communications infrastructure across embassies and other locations around the world. I'm proud that report on choice for these global enterprises and public sector clients. In brooklyn or fixed voice access and file service continue to see strong demand toyota nap 40%. All of these services are built to deliver on top of our world class network where the premium network and experience that our customers value and the demands premium pricing. All network is a core value proposition america relies on us and we deliver. This was evident before during and in the aftermath of hurricane ian. What team did what we always do we ran to the crisis. Quickly restoring our network as needed and using our technology solution to protect impacted areas. Bottom. Our network infrastructure was resilient. Other people believe in the way that you have come to expect from us. Our mission has always been to build and operate the best most reliable highest performing network. Are you so advanced technologies or spectrum portfolio and are expensive own fiber footprint or critical to achieving that goal. Where we deploy our seaman we see direct correlation to customer growth on both mobility and fix wise access. We're currently covering over 160 million. With sea band and on track to deliver 200 million within the first quarter of 2023. Is 170% quarter of a quarter and fixed wireless access. No covers more than 40 million households. Right now more than affordable 8% of our sale sites are connected by verizon's own fiber we're expecting to be about 50% by your end with the majority of our five besides already on our own fiber. This not only improves network performance. But also improves our owners economics. At the same time we're making efforts to take cost out of our business. We're closing to thinking about how we run our enterprise everyday to enhance our performance while delivering on our strategy. In the spirit. We have this signed a company-wide cost savings program. That we expect will say between two to three billion dollars annually by 2025. The first step in this efforts is the creation of a global service organization on the leadership of craig silliman. This is one part of a larger program to leverage cross-function and opportunities across the business. Over the past two years on the unprecedented circumstances we have learned a lot about how we deliver our services to customers. Verizon global services will help unlock significant efficiencies. I'm reduced cost across the business. Keeping in line with our company values and strategy we continue to practice financial discipline even in a competitive market. And delivered solid financial performance quarter of a quarter. Verizon is in a strong position. No matter economical environment. Weather high quality customer base. Diversified go to market options including or value offering. The benefits from strengthening our organization through a cost savings program. And the best network that just keeps getting better. To go deeper into our results. Thank you hans and good morning everyone. Our results from the third quarter had not yet where we would like them to be but as you heard from hans the actions we've taken in the past two quarters are gaining traction in the marketplace. As a result. We saw positive developments in store traffic and consumer phone grows ads. Further games in broad. And a sequential improvement in our financial results. We anticipate that we'll be able to build on this momentum as we head into the fourth quarter. Let's now walk the results from the third quarter. Beginning with an overview about postpaid mobility results on slide 7. How strategy for mobility growth is to drive revenue growth by attracting and retaining high quality customers and migrating them into premium tears. Premium penetration in the consumer segment increased to approximately 42% of 1/4. A sequential increase in line with prior quarters. Even with the introduction of the welcome plan and the current economic backdrop. As a result of the continued increase in premium plan penetration. Combined with the benefit from our admin fee increase. And the impact for me to price ups. Consumer postpaid offer increase 3.8% year-over-year. Overall phone grows out to approximately 5% year over year. Reflecting continued strength in business. As well as the improvement in consumer growth ads. With the impact of three kitchen. Which increased as expected as a result of our recent pressing actions. Phone it adds for 8,000 for the quarter. Business delivered $197,000 postpaid phone it as in the quarter. The fifth consecutive quarter exceeding $150,000. The results were getting balanced across the three customer groups. With enterprise delivering that best ever phone it at performance. An smb and public sector. Boosie and double digit phone grows at growth. On the consumer side postpaid phone grows at 1.3% year of the year. A notable sequential improvement from an 11% declining q2. The launch of the welcome plan and the apple one unlimited plan helped to generate more store traffic while providing another avenue to compete outside of promotional spend. We have now seen year of the year improvement in phone gross ad performance for four consecutive months through september. Unanticipate another low single digit year of year growth performance in the fourth quarter. As expected the pricing actions we took around administrative fees and meet at plans led to an increase in disconnects. With certain price that's being faced in throughout the third quarter. Food anticipate some disconnect pressure to carry over into q4. Taken together we currently expect the gross out and disconnect performance to result in positive consumer phone net ads in the 4th quarter. It's now discuss program performance on slide 8. Total broadband that ads with 377,000 in the quarter. Reflecting a strong demand for reliable and high value broadband offerings. Fix wireless access momentum continue throughout the third quarter. We added 342,000 net. Up from 256,002q. Reflecting increased demand across business and consumers. More than 75% of our consuming it. I'm coming from urban and suburban locations. With data usage to continues to mirror our files customers. We anticipate further share games in this space as we continue to expand our household coverage. Realize benefits from offering in the prepaid segment. We also added 61,000 internet net ads during the third quarter. Reflecting improved gross ad performance from q2. As well as continued strong retention levels. Our ability to grow file. In spite to some secular headwinds due to lower move activity. Shows at the quality. Value and reliability that files offers continue to resonate strongly with customers. We further expanded our nationwide broadband opportunity by adding more fixed while his households and business is covered. As well as growing up files open for sale within our eyelet footprint. Total fix wireless household coverage the past 40 million in the quarter. Including over 30 million covered by 5g ultra wideband. Files open for sale is now at 16.9 million. A year to date increase of 410,. And we remain on track to hit our folio target of 550,000. Now let's talk about the value market on slide 9. I want to integrate tracfone continues. Highlighted by the launch of our new prepaid brand total by verizon late in the quarter. As well as the launcher fix wireless for a prepaid customers earlier this month. For the quarter we deliver positive prepaid net ads for $39,. Which excludes a base adjustment of 102,000 primarily related to a competitors 3g network shutdown. We saw significant improvement in tracfones performance. Which had a positive net ads for the first time since q1 2021. Without current momentum combined with the launch of our new brand and fix wireless. We're excited about our positioning and ability to further grow the value market. Bringing more connectivity and benefits to customers in this space. Now let's move to the consolidated financial results on slide 10. On a consolidated basis total revenue is up 4.0% year over year. As wireless service revenue growth and higher wireless equipment revenue more than offset while i'm declines and the net impact of last year 7a activity. As a reminder. The third quarter last you only had 2 months of verizon media activity before it's divestiture. Total wireless service revenue growth is up 10.0% from the prior year. Primarily driven by ownership of tracfone. Continue to effectiveness about premium unlimited strategy and business volumes. The core business is strong. As water service revenue excluding all tracfone activities. Grew above 3%. Additionally we saw a benefit from the pricing actions taken earlier in the year. Which we previously said would generate roughly 1 billion dollars across q3 and q4. These actions help to generate a sequential increase of 494 million in wireless service and other revenue. And an increase of 345 million of adjusted epidur. Has total adjusted ebitdog came in at 12.2 billion for the quarter. We continue to fill the pressures of higher device subsidies and promotional spending. Despite taking steps throughout q3 to be disciplined. Including the launch of the welcome plan which comes without a device subsidy. Inflationary pressures remain elevated. Personal year over year and sequential point of view. With the increase from q2 primarily coming from higher electricity rates. Expectations for full year 2022 impacts of inflation remain consistent with comments during our q2 earning school. To further mitigate inflation impacts we have started a new cost savings program that we expect will provide a reduction in annual cost of 2 to 3 billion by 2025. This program will be focused on several areas within the business. Including digitalization effort. To enhance the customer experience. And streamlining internal operations to automation and process enhancements. Well positive will benefit the bottom line a portion of these savings will be reinvested into the business to help accelerate opportunities. Has brady noted adjusted eps for the third quarter was a $1.32. In addition to the impact from ibad. This reflect sequential pressures in interest expense. Due to race increases. And a reduction in other income associated with non-cash changes to pension and opeb. Based on you today interest rate increases and market expectations for additional federal reserve actions this year. We now estimate cash interest expense for 2022 to be about 400 million higher than our expectation coming into the year. We anticipate this pressure will continue into next year given the full year impact from interest rate increases. Providing an eps headwind in 2023. Likewise the impact from non-cash pension cost. Due to high interest rates and lower return on assets this year. Is expected to put additional pressure on below the line items for 2023. Now let's take a look at our third quarter consumer financial results. Total consumer revenue for the quarter through 10.8% year over year. Driven by wireless service revenue growth of 11.0%. As well as higher equipment revenue. Wallace service revenue increases with the result of the inclusion of tracfone. Coldwater service revenue grow. And the impact of the pricing actions. Total fios revenue is up versus the same period a year ago by 0.3%. As growth from our internet base offset the revenue impact of a 9% year-over-year decline. In video subscribers. Resulting in an improved margin profile that we expect will continue to benefit from further shifts away from video. Consumer avatar was 10.6 billion. Up 0.7% compared to the same period last year. The pricing actions as well as the full inclusion of tracfone results. More than all set the pressures from higher promotional activity and the impact of inflation. Next let's take a closer look at the business financial results on slide 12. The business sequence results remain strong in 3q. The white line service revenue declines continue due to ongoing circular headwinds. Wireless service revenue growth of 5.7% was up from 3.0% last quarter. 80 by pricing actions as well as continued growth in our customer base. While i'm revenue to fly by 6.7% versus prior year. Operating trend. A consistent with prior quarters. Throwing q3 we saw a sequential increase in usf revenue due to higher rates. Business even though i was 1.8 billion for the quarter. Down 6.7% from the prior year. In addition to pressure from wildlife. We experience higher growth related. As water sales volume to up by 15% from the prior year. Now let's move on to slide 13 in the cash flow summary. Password from operating activities for the first three quarters of 2022. Total 28.2 billion compared with 31.2 billion in the prior year period. As working capital impacts from higher device activations. And increase inventory levels continue as we expected. Capital spending for the first three quarters of the year totaled 15.8 billion. An increase of 2.0 billion dollars compared to last year. She been spending was 4.5 billion dollars for the first 9 months of the year. The net result of cash flow from operations and capital spending. Is free cash flow of 12.4 billion for the first three quarters of the year. We exited the quarter with 129.3 billion dollars in net on secured deb. A sequential improvement of 1.3 billion. Resulting in a net unsecured debt to adjust ratio of 2.7 times. As hans mentioned earlier how low unsecured bar maturities over the remainder of this year and next. And strong operational cash flow generation. Puts out balance sheet in a strong position. Payment trends remain at all better than pre-covid levels. And the quality of our postpaid base has never been better. As evidenced by recent asset-backed securities perspective filings. As we look at q3 results. We deliver the sequential revenue and ebay dog growth that we had anticipated from the actions taken into queue. Our guidance of 2022 remains unchanged. We are building momentum and remain confident now strategy will deliver strong cash flow growth into the future. Pictures this confidence. Combined with the health of our balance sheet. The enable us to recently increase our dividend for the 16th consecutive year. We recognize the importance of the dividend to our shareholders and we attend to continue to put the board in a position to approve annual increases. I will now turn the call back to house for concluding comments. Before we open up the questions. Thank you. Thank you matt. The actions were taken or showing progress. But there's more work to be done. Or priorities to the end of the year and into 2023 or straightforward. Continue attraction in consumer wireless to the holiday season and into 2023. Maintain and grow our momentum in fixed wireless access and business wireless. Implement the initial framework of a cross-functional efficiency program. And improve our working capital effic. And finally continue our mission and strategic approach to the market with financial discipline. An increase momentum for the quarters to come. Well there's work to be done i'm confident that we are well positioned to deliver. So thank you now we're ready for your questions write it back to you. Thanks hans brad we're ready to take. Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question please press star one. Please unmute your phone and record your name clearly when prompted. Your name is required to introduce your question. To withdraw your request. Please press star too. One moment for our first question. Our first question will come from john hudlick of ubs. Sir your line is open. Great thanks guys two two cards if i can first i know you guys don't. You often you hold off on giving god until the 4th quarter call but. Sounds like you got a number of sort of below the line headwinds to growth next year but. What's the prices for eva doll growth in in 23 giving all the moving parts and all the cost savings you have coming through. And then secondly on on postmate phone insurance. It picked up just looking for clarification on matt's comment that it's going to stay elevated you know how do you expect that to progress as we as we move through to 23 and. What do you think is really driving it sounds like the obviously you have the price increase but are the prices at verizon just just too high at this point given that what we're saying it from a macro environment and given that something approaching network parody that we that we have in the market today thanks. I think of john i can start with feeling when it comes to the the quarter and the grow sides and the and the chair and i think what happened is that we came out from the second quarter. Soft work on the consumer side when it comes to grow sads we we added a couple of new products all the way from the royal comp plan to the price adjustments and of course outcome we were expecting was that we continue to grow both our wireless service revenue service revenue. If we can exclude tracfone but then we drag phone so that that clearly is working for us and we will continue to do that but we will do it in certain segments where we see weeks are so very strong continuation in our premium segments where we continue to have now more than 81% of consumers on unlimited and and 42% on unlimited premium so we we just need to find those areas i will continue full year so we that's our job and then on top of that we take out cost so i think all in all that's what we're working with constantly here and it's a big ship we're moving i think that this quarter we saw all the actions we took in a second quarter having having impact positive impact that doesn't mean we're done we think we can do more and we have more to do so that that's that's where i think we are. And how we're executing and it will continue to execute in this in this quarter and the quarters to come. Yeah thanks hanson and john said maybe the second part of your question first. Around churn and is our pricing in the right place. I'll point you to the fact that outgrow sides were up almost. 5% on a year over year basis in 3q so obviously our offerings continue to resonate with customers obviously built on having the best network. And consumers continue to see the the value of that so continue to believe that the gross that traffic will be there and we'll get our fair share on the turn side just put it in perspective the pricing actions we took a cross both the meats and plans and the fees. Touch more than 75 million phone custom. And so the uptake insurance that we saw in the quarter was highly expected we kind of mentioned that 90 days ago do we expected it to happen but the financial benefit. I came through as well which was exactly as we expected was the right. The right approach to take. So obviously the impact of those changes will mitigate as we go forward here and will continue to make sure that our churn is where it needs to be. To ensure that the right. In terms of the first part of your question you're right we'll speak. In two more specifically about 2023 on the next call we're obviously in the middle of our. In the middle of our planning cycle right now. But you should certainly expect us to build on the momentum that you saw us deliver in the third quarter you saw that the wireless service revenue office sequentially 2%. As hans mentioned either of sequentially about 3%. That gives us a good platform to build on here in 4q. And then as we head into 23. And then you know you mentioned below the line they'll be some precious next year i'm not going to quantify those now but as you think about the specifics. Although some of those we spoken to all of you about before we came out of the sea band auction we said that we would expect depreciation to increase and capitalize interest to reduce. As we deployed sea band sites and put them on. And really having kind of significant year over year impact in 23 and 24 so that's in line. With what we've been talking about for a while and then you lie on top of that obviously interest rates are higher and we'll have a full year impact of that next year. I'm not in fact both the interest expense line but also other non-cash below the line items. Around pension and op. Where the. Imputed interest cost. Will be high up with the higher macro rates and then also starting at the year with lower assets because of the performance this year so. Well obviously quantify those things but. Because we think about 23 we had good momentum coming out to 3q on a sequential basis. Look to build on that in 4q. I continue to generate significant amounts of cash flow that puts us in a position to be successful going forward. Great thanks for the details. Yep thanks john bradbury for the next question. Thank you the next question comes from brett feldman of goldman. Your line is open. Yeah thank you for taking the question it's about your sort of emerging nationwide broadband strategy so i think you mentioned that you can now offer. The fixed wireless product to over 40 million potential customers i think from your analyst day last year. The ultimate target is 64 million with 50 of that being residential in the rest being business. You're also and you made a point about this you're the point a lot of fiber primarily to put your mobile network on a national basis. And so the real question is you know now that you have seen the fixed wireless product perform and what it does. And on the network side of things how you thinking about that target of eventually reaching 64 million homes you think it could potentially be greater. And then yesterday at&t talked about evaluating opportunities to do more of a fiber to the home strategy out of region i imagine leveraging some of the fiber there to point in their wireless network. Considering how expensive your national fiber footprint is becoming is that something you're evaluating as well. Thank you. Thank you but when it comes to our national broadband strategy first of all i think it's working really good for us so in the quarter adding 377,000 the files footprint continue to be extremely high quality customers and continue to grow we will continue to expand that footprint outside that we will of course have a very high folks on fixed access because the speed the market because the demanding the market right now he's high for broadband and of course we have a disruptive model where they take no single digits minutes okay covering 40 million households with the with our fixed wires access so we will continue the expand that and we we have plans and execution it's working well the quality is improving the customer satisfaction is really high on x-wise access and of course there are the competition in these areas or of course not equally equally good the customer satisfaction so no i think we're confident that this is a good person right now. Never need fiber so it's not like 100% the same gold but in order to have a good experience for our customers that would be doing then we want to see opportunities especially for. For the business side to to use that fiber footprint outside that i like to see that some customers can get the better or weekend substitute. Third 45 minutes we were getting from others but clearly focus on fiber in the files footprint fixed file taxes going as fast as we can outside that so yeah we're confident about. We'll talk about it was 7 years we come out with new products that's going to be multi-spectrum that's going to handle everything from 40c by millimeter wave so the resilience and the performance and call it on the product is even getting better so. Yeah that's what we are. Brad i'll just have one thing you mentioned fiber to the home of course how fast team had another good quarter here 61,000 net adds despite a low mover environment so as han said we're very focus on doing broadband through fixed wireless access. But our files business continues to perform very strongly. And at customers to that network and we continue to build more. More open for sale in our files for print and just as a point to note. Free q was a milestone for files in terms of going over 7 million. Connections with for that business so it continues to perform very strongly and then we supplement it with fixed wireless access around the rest of the country. Yeah thanks bro for the next question. Thank you the next question comes from simon flannery of morgan stanley your line is open sir. Great thank you good morning i'm at quick one for you any changes to the 2023 capex guidance you gave out for that significant drop from this year and then more broadly. Back in march you talked about a clear path to 4% plus revenue growth in 2024 and beyond. Could you maybe update us on you know how that looks how they kind of things like mobile edge compute b2b applications are scaling. And i'm watching what you can do to get there and give us more visibility around that. Yeah i can talk on the enterprise side with the mobile edge compute which. And and the private party networks as i said a couple of times. Before right now we had three different. Photo use cases on the edge computing one was private networks another was public mobile edge compute and the third was. The private party mobile edge compute we see clearly a very strong demand on the private party networks which is the prelude to go into all others and the family strong and we we talked about a couple of examples these quarter which were gained and it's a normal typical enterprise. Not going to be any significant revenues in the short term but over time we're building a totally new opportunity for sample and his team to be with customers in larger sort of turnkey projects to reform and and transform their digital assets for enterprises so we we are real. Still really confident this is a good strategy for us and it's it's again we're building on the same network we're building network once and we accept seven different use cases where the mobility and now the fixed while taxes both are going in a high speed and now we're adding the mobile edge computer is starting to get. Yeah get those two good starter especially with private party networks and then it will move into mobile edge compute so that's how i see that market continue for us. Simon says your first question around capex obviously won't be more specific on. 23 guidance in january but nothing has changed around our view of capex. So you know very much in line and that's because of the great work the team has done this year. I mean we said we did 175 million parts covered by the end of the year. As you heard on sale it already at more than 160 through 3q. Not only will we be ahead of the 175 but will be. 200 at some point during the first quarter so for normal speed that the team has built the network there that means. You know a significant chunk of the 10 billion capex. I will have been covered between last year and this year so it'll just be. A small stuff piece of that left next year and then we'll be at those bau levels that we've spoken to all of you about numerous times. In terms of the longer term revenue growth i mean obviously will come back to that. But certainly encouraged by. What we saw in the third quarter as i mentioned in my prepared remarks wireless service revenue growth when you. Obviously the year over year 10% number has the the noise in there from closing on the tracfone acquisition november last year. But i mention even if you ignore all of the track revenues up more than 3%. A year over year so we're building the right momentum there obviously we'll have significantly more. Customers on fwa that will be billing next year then we did this year. A hans mentioned that the positive momentum around 5g private networks and. So. Look at 23 plant lockdown here and then we'll be in a position to talk about longer term where we see things as well but certainly continue into build on the momentum that we've seen. In the last quarter. Thanks. Yeah thanks simon broadway for the next question. Thank you the next question comes from phil cusick of jp morgan your line is open. I guess thank you first to follow up please on john's question you're still losing accounts in consumer despite pushing pretty hard this quarter. What did you see in impact from the introduction unlimited plan. And how did that contribute to your gross ads. Improvement the square. And then second can you give us any any idea of what's going on in. You're seeing really strong ads at&t as well and t-mobile saying the same thing. Is. Second lines being bought by businesses for their employees. What what type of. Usage do you see in those lines. Just give us an idea of what's going on in the industry thanks very much. I can start on the business side we have seen strong business growth on the wireless side for for five consecutive quarters so clearly. What we see is that both from the government from north enterprises small and medium business. The rely on the on high performing network is extremely important and that's what we're giving them and and that's why we are growing and we have had a really good run on it and the team is doing a great job and. What was 197,000 net full episodes in the in the business segment then it's not that it's crossover. Three segments government and the price and small and medium businesses so clearly we have a good transformation there with our customers. And of course adding to that we have a great sales force out there every day with all these accounts because. It's about the network and it's about to go to market and we have the strongest in both so we feel really good about that. Yeah and just building on that maybe a little bit. I just wanted to follow up on hans like. The the question was more. What are people using this for. Price of industry penetration is very high everybody's looking around trying to figure out where we're going. Are these do you think these are our second lines being bought for maybe. High security measures. What's the usage look on on the growing lines in business versus. Maybe the new lines and consumer we're just trying to get an idea of. Of what's driving this strength and it's not just you it's across the book of course and remember we if it's sort of an iot line etc phone number. Something strange there no it's actually normal lines coming in that customers are transforming more to mobility. Yeah and phil just maybe building on that little bit certainly the continued strong employment position feeds into this. That's very much supposed to look at the other things you think about business. To think about is. The depth of the relationships we have with business customers over many years. From both. Wireless and legacy wireline relationships and the quality of the network. Continues to matter to our business customers and our team have been very effective. At selling into those customers. If you ever if the suggestion from anything that you've been hearing at these. Secondary lines with low usage on it that couldn't be more further from the truth these are absolutely primary lines we see it in the usage. Certainly is business is continue more more people and mobile and we see that but these are absolutely primary use lines and we know they're from the usage we see on there. In terms of the consumer side on accounts. Certainly that that trend is something that continued in the three queue and but you also saw the positive momentum from a gross at standpoint and that feeds through into the. The account trend also. Moving in a better line and it was and as we said in the prepared remarks expect full q to have positive. Phone that ads and that should show up in the other trend on the account side as well so. Look overall gross ads are up 5% if they were up on a year over year based in consumer so there's a lot of good things going on. A name within our base we just have to keep reminding people of the value the team's doing an outstanding job there and they've got more to bring to the market here as we go forward. Any idea of what the contribution from welcome unlimited was not. That's mixer you got to think about the contribution from welcoming two ways one obviously in terms of the number of ad. The people signed up for but more importantly the number of additional visits to the stores that it drove because certainly some people who came into welcome but it also gave us the opportunity to talk to more customers coming into the stores about all of our plans. So we have a good number of customers that came in cuz that seemed to welcome. Pricing but then actually purchased one about mix and match price plans as well so you know we don't really have a specific break out there for you but definitely contributor to the increase in store traffic and the increase in gross ads. Yeah thanks phil braden for the next question. Thank you the next question comes from david barton of bank of america your line is open sir. Hey guys thanks so much for taking the questions i guess too if i could i'd like to ask a corollary. To phil's question there which is. I obviously we had like negative 11% gross ads last quarter positive 1% consumer this quarter. Where those girls ads coming from i think you highlighted that you felt there was a hole in the portfolio with respect to byod. That would suggest that that the byod concentrated players maybe the cable players. Or are maybe once they're giving you market share or maybe you've seen something else. In the porting ratios that have changed the game up interested in where you think this soga. A sh. Is coming from. And then the second piece mat. You know you your your exposure on the balance she. The variable rates rising rates is not because you have floating rate that per se but because you. Took actions in terms of swaps and hedges. To create that variable rate exposure theoretically you could. You could buy your way out of that if you felt that was an economic way to go. Arguably you could maybe take those losses through your adjusted eps. Yeah we could affect your ears per share trajectory. Is there any part of you that that thinks that there's an economic opportunity that might present itself to. Reverse gear in some of that variable rate exposure. Thank you a couple of things will draw the the grow side so my first of all i think as as matt said the wellcome plan drove because that was a segment we were they were suffering in the first and second quarter and that's why we addressed it. And that was probably the quickest turnaround weather to bring out the new new plan what dedicated and nationwide. And that should be reflection how we plan to work and then we will be very agile we quickly move into segments where we see softness in our consumer base. And i am i'm happy with what i've seen so far but also the marketing work because if you think about the the the growth we had both in real size but also as matt said when it comes to store visits that was up more than double digit in the quarter compared to second quarter so. All that to get their work and that's what we need to continue to work and see if there are other weaknesses in the consumer portfolio remember now we're going all the way from the premium down to the the lowest and most cost efficient plans on a prepaid and the work we're doing we're integrated that in a consumer group right now and we look into that we're doing the right things for every segment and see that we have the right offerings for our customers that might be that were aggressive in certain segments and others and that's sort of where we're coming right now we can do that we're not finished. Yeah hey on the question around interest rates so. We've absolutely had a targeted. Targeted. Of effective variable to fix and that served is very well. Continues to serve us very well over the course of the economic cycle and we think that creates value over the course of the cycle for the company and obviously shareholders as well. As you mentioned dave obviously this year has seen significant increase there and so some of those hedges have obviously moved around in value you know i couldn't be happier the world the treasury team has done not just this year but over many years now to not just manage the overall debt profile but also the interest rate expense you see that. In the income statement over the past. A few years where even is out that has gone up to pay for the sea band acquisition and so on our our total interest expense cost is actually remained relatively flat so we'll continue to manage the balance sheet there and as you mentioned if there's opportunities to create incremental value i think our track record would would tell you very strongly that you should expect us to be doing everything taking full advantage of those. Yep thanks. Bradbury for next question. Thank you the next question comes from michael rollins of citigroup your line is open. Thanks in the morning. When you look across. Strategic products postpaid phon. Consumer and business. And fios broadband. What's the risk that customers trade down and rate planters. If the us goes into recession. And improving over to the value segment has verizon begun to migrate any prepaid customers to the postpaid base and. Besides the future opportunity and timing. It is possible migration and then just one more if i could on prepaid is there an update on the size and timing of savings especially for roaming when you think about the tracfone integration. Okay let me start my every the first one. As we said the earlier ramen the wellcome plan worked very well for us and we didn't see in many of our customer trading down actually it was more about softness in the marketplace there and that's where we actually gained gain success. Customers coming into the store and then we offer a conversation of course we saw them actually doing a step up and and then going for another plan so it actually worked we didn't see that that step down seeing the market has happened so far where i think we're segmenting it up with the with the values we're having each and every segment so but if they would do it over time given an economic situation we are actually addressing all the segments of the market so we can work with that. When it comes to the prepaid to the postpaid migration that is of course one of the the pillars in in an in in our strategy to see that our customers can can do that then portable acquisition strategy to see that we can offer the customers that will take some it work and that's where i said before that will technically meaning that you cannot eat more easily at working between prepaid and postpaid that will take some time before it's finished but it already today of course we have a collaboration in between our groups. Assorted under one roof the whole value and premium segment so i think that's what we're going to do but that's of course an opportunity for us over time to have more of that but already right now where we've seen good sign on our value segment as we start growing in the third quarter and where you're at the new products including total wireless which is a higher end of the value market. As well as adding now fix my taxes to the to to some of the brand so there's much more to do and wearing college what we've seen so far about the potential and that was the reason we acquired track form because we saw these potential to to play in all the consumer segments and adding products in in different ways and scaling sort of our platforms the net worth. A couple of flowers there mike so the risk of trading down we've obviously seen a number of different economic cycles during the life of the wireless business and we don't historically see significant amounts of trade down during a macro downtown so i i don't expect anything different again because the value of the people place on their connectivity products whether that's broadband. Or wireless is higher than ever so we'll obviously monetary closely but history would suggest. The risk of that is it it is not not that high and then your your last question around integration on roaming we should launch the have the roaming integration all of the customers over onto the verizon network during 2023 we haven't quantified the benefit of that but obviously is significant. But that will be that should be in the financials by the end of next year. Thanks very much yeah thanks mike. Brad right for the next question. The next question comes from tim horan of oppenheimer your line is open sir i thank you so c band build-out's going faster and sounds like better than expected so matt can you talk about when you think you'll largely be done with that spending and maybe just the ultimate. Picking on the ultimate of pops covered in. And capacity that you're adding any color there would be great. Yeah i can't talk to matt we will come in there as well but when it comes to receive and spending you remember we said we're going to do an additional 10 billion on cape. The year is not down there but you have seen them more or less where we're guiding so it's going to be some portion left left for the next year on kpix but that's a smaller part and then then it's going to be you because then we're done all our initials what is happening of course we're getting a much more spectrum to decide and we get some more markets but then we're down to be you as well always but been building capacity and network on 433. So i feel good about that situation and how i have been doing it and this was part of the strategy will laid out for the network already 2017 in order to draw the benefit of a unified network with the a strong sort of edge capability with different type of access technologies and now of course with the sea band were adding that strength so we're going to pass the 200 million in the first quarter spect. So much more spectrum and capacity but the guys have been building smart so when the spectrum comes we turn it up it's not going out to decide again so we're ready for that. Yeah so what tim just on the exactly what han said on the timing. Yeah if you think about it was spent still spending on the lte network today. And that's obviously 10 plus years from when we launch so that's because the usage on the network continues to grow the utility people get from it continues to grow and that's why you see how our customer base. Expanding as a result but if you think about connecting the dots here. As we said we'll be close to 200 million well we'll cross 200 million parts in the first quarter of next year. The 10 billion will largely be spent of you know we said there'd be a stop left over to the next year so that kind of overlaps there. So think about it from the standpoint the 10 billion. Took care of covering the first roughly 200 million. Then the rest of it goes into bau and you create space in bau because those 200 million. I've now got citibank coverage we said over half of. Base is a 5g compatible device in their hand. And so the the usage grow. In those areas is going on. I see by that means we don't have to continue spending on lte in those markets. And then combined with other programs. After they're coming to an end on the peak spend such as one fiber. Intelligent edge network that's the space for the seed bank continued build both recovery and a capacity standpoint. To be in the bau level spend. Just like as we continue to expand the lte network for many years it was part of the bau level spent so absolutely peak level this year capex comes down next year and then i'd expect you know even further in 24 as the 10 billions completely gone. As we spoke about earlier this year. And you know that obviously has a positive impact on free cash flow and the the decisions will be able to have in front of us as a result of that going forward so. Could it be happy with the pace at which the team is built it out and spend that money unbelievable work the team's done there. I put this in a great place to reduce carpets going forward. So any updates on the ultimate amount of coverage of that you'll have pops covered in rough timing on that. I think kyle has said pretty clearly that you should expect what you get 4g today you should be expecting to get 5g in the future as we as we continue the builder. Every every market every state so we was going to complete that and see that we have a similar as a 4g network as smart thank you. Yeah thanks. Brad wait for next question. The next question comes from craig moffatt of moffitt nathanson your line is open. Hi thank you. Hunter i wonder if you could talk about convergence a little bit and then a particularly in the consumer side of your business. Certainly a broad sense that that. The industry is moving toward converged offerings of wireless and and home internet. How do you think about that and how do you think about it differently in areas where you have fios. And where you have fixed wireless broadband is that in some ways what's driving the the fixed wireless broadband. Deployment or do you see them as still somewhat two separate services that are trying to fill two separate needs. I think the first of all we have seen some early steps of convergence in the market where mobility and home is going together of course ultimately the customers will define is that the best model i think we're in a great position. 404 obvious reasons where we deploy or fix what remember when we deploy your network on the c-band we start in urban and suburban and that's of course also where the fix files access opportunity arises so then the combination of fixing and nobody is emerging there so we going to play on that thing that weekend it's just accentuated we're going to be super well positioned for that if it's not where all the superposition for keeping it separate we going to see that the market we're going to drive the market we think is a strength for us that we have all this economics on both mobility and broadband so we will drive it where we see a good traction on it and as you have seen already we have already offerings out there i will continue to do so. Thanks craig. Operator of brad we have time for one last question. Thank you your last question will come from frank lowden of raymond james your line is open. Great thank you what are the largest factors impacting your churn in your base right now and after we get through this bump from the pricing action what do you need to address to get the churn back down and how soon can we see those tactics begin to work. I think when it comes to the consumer shown as math explain. That priority in the third quarter was coming from the price adjustments with it which was a deliberate decision with two kinder second quarter and it was as expected that was the the larger piece of it in the show and a snapshot before our job right now is to continue. How the price adjustments came out in the market. Yeah just trying to build that a little bit so we're absolutely we we expected to see that increase. But it was certainly a good. A good trade for us cuz he drove the gross that increase so we spoke about earlier also drove a 2% sequential increase in service revenue and 3% in either so we'll work through the bible from that as we go forward but obviously. The actions produce a type of results that we wanted will expect to get back to more normal levels going forward we constantly have to. Communicate to our base of customers the value of being on the verizon network. And that's something that we got many years of doing as we just spoke about a couple of questions ago the quality of that network with the sea band build-out is expanding rapidly. And we have the opportunity to work continue to demonstrate the customers. The premium service they get on verizon and as we do that i'm very confident that you will get back to the levels we'd expect it to be and combined with the improved growth at performance. We'll see that show up in the financials and more importantly. In strong cash flow from the business so what really happy with the sequential trajectory we have we need to keep building on that as we go forward here. That's what the team's focused on. Right great thank you very much. Brad that's all the time we have today. Ladies and gentlemen this does conclude the conference call for today thank you for your participation and for using verizon conference services. You may now disconnect. 